statement	label	source
As of now, I can't eat any dairy, carbs or grains, so, what choice did that leave me?	question	db
Let's face it, who can?	question	db
Metal tables and chairs, plastic cutlery but hey, who cares as long as the food is good, right?	question	db
To give you a better idea of what tapsilog is, here is a picture of the ""Tapa King"" set: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tapa-king-singapore?select=s1yDWSvTbysL2Ld_as_REw#s1yDWSvTbysL2Ld_as_REw  There are many variations in this dish and are a part of the ""SILOG"" family.	question	db
Moreover, if it's such a wholesome meal prepared with healthy ingredients, passion and sincerity, why not?	rhetoric	db
Is it too hard to train your employees to let them to know what you have in your OWN menu?	question	db
Oh, btw the person who was bringing food to the tables brought us food, that was not ours 3x, what is this place?	question	db
my previous experience with sushi ichi was just a-ok, so obviously there was a certain amount of reservation about what to expect?	question	db
I've seen the world, done it all Had my cake now Diamonds, brilliant, in Bel-Air now Hot summer nights, mid July When you and I were forever wild The crazy days, city lights The way you'd play with me like a child  Will you still love me When I'm no longer young and beautiful?	question	db
Will you still love me When I've got nothing but my aching soul?	question	db
I know you will, I know you will I know that you will Will you still love me when I'm no longer beautiful?	question	db
I've seen the world, lit it up As my stage now Changeling angels in a new age now Hot summer days, rock n roll The way you play for me at your show And all the ways, I got to know Your pretty face and electric soul  Will you still love me When I'm no longer young and beautiful?	question	db
Will you still love me When I've got nothing but my aching soul?	question	db
I know you will, I know you will I know that you will Will you still love me when I'm no longer beautiful?	question	db
Dear lord, when I get to heaven Please let me bring my man When he comes tell me that you'll let him Father tell me if you can All that grace, all that body All that face, makes me wanna party He's my sun, he makes me shine like diamonds  Will you still love me When I'm no longer young and beautiful?	rhetoric	db
Will you still love me When I've got nothing but my aching soul?	question	db
I know you will, I know you will I know that you will Will you still love me when I'm no longer beautiful?	question	db
Will you still love me when I'm no longer beautiful?	question	db
Will you still love me when I'm not young and beautiful?	question	db
Okay, so, you happen to be in a foreign city experiencing a foreign culture, why on Earth would you go into a place that basically reminded you of home?	question	db
One question springs to mind quickly - why is this pink?	question	db
But enough about Humpback; what went right and what went wrong and what went eh maybe at CbJ?	question	db
This is a dinky little ramen place smack right diagonal from my yoga studio, and what better way to nullify a hot sweaty workout than stuffing my face with carbs?	question	db
Then there's the decor- yes, Botticelli's ""Birth of Venus"" is a tasteful nude... but when an almost-nude photo of the owner is included in the mix*, well... what are we supposed to think?	question	db
Though some might find it to be much more greasy than usual kind, but who will say no to custard buns?	question	db
awesome ramen + unlimited water + perfect view overlooking clarke quayside.. what more can you ask for ?	question	db
Opps what if I say this place is even better than Ippudo?	question	db
so where do you get char kway teow at 6am in the morning?	question	db
Comfort food is always what we go back to isn't it?	question	db
I didn't however try their baumkuchen cakes - didn't really notice the cakes, thought this was more a salad place, so I'll have to go back and try it since that's what they seem to be famous for?	question	db
What do you do when you can't stop a friend from endlessly raving about a place?	question	db
Dear Singapore, what do you have against dry napkins?	question	db
I think the chicken here is special because it is cooked right up to the point where the meat is perfect, but not long enough to cook through to the bone (who eats the bones anyway right?).	question	db
The long line also gives one plenty of time to contemplate the menu ... what to order?	question	db
This is where the true skill lies... How can the whole chicken become so delicious inside and outside without being over cooked?	question	db
But what is a meal here without its signature artisanal pastas?	question	db
The asparagus is really good too, what can I say?	question	db
Coming here seems like a religious experience because, why else would one wait in line on a Sunday morning for 40 minutes for jook?	question	db
Two Men Bagel House makes me upset: -  why have I been living in Singapore for 10 months without having their food?	question	db
- why don't I live in the Tanjong Pagar area?	rhetoric	db
- why don't I work in the CBD?	rhetoric	db
- why isn't the service as good everywhere else?	rhetoric	db
I was all ""hrmph who brings store bought food to a potluck?""	question	db
I mean, where else in SG can you get walnut raisin cream cheese?!	question	db
Thus began the quest to find lunch buddies who wanted bagels too - which wasn't too hard because all I had to do was shout 'bagels for lunch?'	question	db
The only thing that was memorable was also one of the simpler courses---steak in a simple broth with a small salad (...three bites) and a small meat-filled puff pastry on top of what I assume was some sort of fruit (plums?).	question	db
Of all the delicious hawker centers + countless restaurants in Chinatown, why eat in a basement mall?	question	db
Honestly, why do people in Singapore still go to Crystal Jade?	question	db
Ever had a meal where you cannot find much fault, but that's the only great thing?	question	db
This was the first time I ever tried fish ball soup - something about it having deep fried fish bladder (is that what fish ball soup is?)	question	db
Though, I have to say there were about 20 people ahead of me in the queue and majority of them where Singaporeans, so it can't be that bad, right?	question	db
**OVERHYPED HAINANESE CHICKEN AND RICE**  Seriously, why the mad hype?	rhetoric	db
That's why even though it was closed the first day I went (on a Thursday evening!?)	question	db
Not sure what they did to the chicken (or to the rice?)	question	db
I have to say, though, that anything upwards of $5 is a bit steep for chicken rice which, yes, may have beat Gordon Ramsey, but what does he know about chicken rice?	question	db
And where was my chicken skin?	question	db
People wonder, why would I give a 4 stars instead of a 5?	rhetoric	db
Verdict:  Spaghetti Amatriciana - Why is the spaghetti so thick??!	question	db
I'd recommend this place to anyone (unless that person hates mexican food... but who can hate good mexican food??)	question	db
By the way, will the person who invented cheesy chicken sausages please...apologize to humanity and go do something more useful?	question	db
Worth it for someone who hasn't been to a robataya to come?	question	db
Which sparks a thought, why not open a Secret Recipe outlet in the Northeast?	rhetoric	db
He came back with it off but what is with that?	question	db
And then when we were paying cash and sorting it out, he was like ""don't you think it'd be easier to put on your card?""	rhetoric	db
B) she charged me $1 extra when I asked for some Pico de gallo to replace the horrible mess she made of mine... Pico de gallo is FREE I've never been to a South American restaurant that charged for it... And C) what do you mean what do I mean by salsa?	rhetoric	db
Where it falls when compared to NY/New Haven pizza is that the sauce is a little off (a tad too sweet?)	question	db
Now now, who was it again that you compared bankers to, Mr. Batali?	question	db
Now I have no idea what copetta and budino are, but they taste fingerlickin good, okay?	question	db
But who are we kidding, can you really expect Mario Batali to open cheap restaurants?	question	db
Used to taste authentic but I am not really sure what happened?!	question	db
It had more lettuce/greens than what I've had around Seattle but I liked it instead of the usual/authentic(?)	question	db
so, why come to Chicken Up?	question	db
We took the buffet because it made sense to pay $25 to try a few flavors since even though he's half Korean, we both had no idea what Yamyung (?)	question	db
Not difficult to understand why I like the place, eh?	rhetoric	db
Every single flavor tasted good, my favorites being Wine, Ginseng, Garlic, Curry and Miso (okay I guess that's almost everything)   Now, what makes the singapore branch BETTER than the LA one?	question	db
So I feel like this review should be a summary of the analysis I've played over and over again in my head while eating at Bratworks, about why this shop is empty:  1) The Food Pictures and signage are ALL WRONG - OK if you walk past this stall while deciding what to eat at One Raffles Place, two things jump at you at Bratworks - holy smokes they want $8 for ONE sausage (because if you glance at the menu all you see is $8)...or a set meal consists of a beer (??)	question	db
The average lazy  desk bound office worker who imagines that eating alone will get him/her skinny will think ""ewwww beer and carbs?	question	db
"", while the health conscious ones who actually exercise will be like, ""$8 for a small piece of protein that's filled with I don't know what meat??""	question	db
It's the same with the set meals - if I can get a steak and couple of healthy sides on brown rice at Daily Cut for $12, why would I want a lonely sausage and lonely unsauced chips and a soda for $12?	rhetoric	db
I'd gone to Hong Leong building with the Girlfriend to catch a friend at a cheongsam shop, and while she was chatting, I figured I would look around for a place to park my bum - who knows how long girls chat for?	question	db
So what sets the Butchers Club Burger apart form the rest of the crowd?	question	db
The eggs benedict were not bad, but then again, what can go wrong with eggs ben right?	question	db
If you are around the CBD / Tanjong Pagar / Telok Ayer area, why not pop by this place?	rhetoric	db
Bit dissapointed with the fanfare here.. what happened to the good ol days of street hawker foods??	question	db
I am sure the other is just as good...but why wait in line, if you don't have to?	question	db
It's the thing about wanting what you can't have?	question	db
That was when i called in... May?	rhetoric	db
After hearing some legends about this place (and from people who I consider food legends), I was aware that bookings weren't being accepted until early 2014?	question	db
OK, who has time to review?	question	db
Uhhhhhh what happened to this place?	question	db
It's no fault of the location, because who sits outdoors in the midday sun on one of the hottest days of the year unless you're trying to get a tan or an expat?!	question	db
You don't blame them, do you, but what harm could would it have done if I had sat quietly at a table reading my newspaper while they were opening up?	question	db
But I guess when you compare it to other Spanish restaurants, it seems okay?	question	db
So what was part of the classic menu?	question	db
So if you're an oldie, who still likes to draaaankkk, come here towards the last leg of your night (perhaps at 11:00?)	question	db
I mean, you never want to offend the sushi gods who so graciously welcome you into their temple, right?	question	db
And when you combine those two cuisine?	question	db
Well, truly what do you think the odds are of having tacos in Singapore?	question	db
Yes, it was different from authentic so-cal or Tex-Mex, but what do you expect from an Asian infused Mexican joint?	question	db
One thing people always ask/wonder when eating at a pay-what-you-want restaurant is ""how much should I pay?""	question	db
I guess that's why they go all out to entertain their guests?	rhetoric	db
next time I want to try Zhen Zhen porridge & the Chinese donut shop at the end  We came around 11am when not many of the stalls were open BUT there was already a line at Tian Tian (don't worry, the line goes quickly)  we definitely ordered WAY too much food for the 2 of us  --half chicken (steamed) --2 portions of chicken rice --oyster sauce flavored veggies  VERDICT?	question	db
Why do people keep insisting street food is better when is it's not?	question	db
For example, where can you find pisang goreng anywhere near the centre these days?	question	db
So what are the not to miss food here?	question	db
Aren't sure what to try?	question	db
It's all glory, sauce splatters and comfort food - what is not to love?	question	db
My first impression - is this what we ordered?	question	db
When I go to a vegetarian restaurant, you know what I want to eat?	rhetoric	db
And dim sum being quintessentially cantonese, who can deny?	question	db
There are some fine dining places where yes, I feel like, why am I even here?	question	db
Can you get the same for less, with a chef who is less focused on this expression of self?	question	db
When I was in the States, I always make a point to get a bun whenever I go to Dave Chang joints.. but who needs that when you have plenty awesome kong bak pao stalls in Singapore?	rhetoric	db
You can get Ippudo originals here too, but why not try something different?	rhetoric	db
There was NEVER enough bread... when you see a group of 6, perhaps suggest doubling or even providing some extra bread?	question	db
That said, where else are you going to get some quality bbq in Singapore?	question	db
You occupy one location as a kopi tiam for 75 years, hand down recipes, grill grease and oven char generation after generation, basically watch Keong Saik go from a dirty road of prostitution to Singapore's new ""it"" street while still continuing to pump out fast, cheap and flavorful dishes and some of the best kopi and kaya I've ever had, and then you get forced to up and move to a new spot and are expected to pick up right where you left off?	question	db
Also, while you're there, why not enjoy a nice Taiwan Beer?	rhetoric	db
This was introduced to me as having really decent conveyer belt sushi and since it was close to where I live, why not?	rhetoric	db
I consider my first Singapore visit / trip to be a special occasion, so what better way than to celebrate this visit with some special longevity noodles??	question	db
Not sure what wine to get?	question	db
cassette-sized (do you young folkies even know what a cassette is?!	question	db
Well... if you haven't been before and happen to be around the area... sure why not?	rhetoric	db
Some helpful staff (offered to take pictures), other less than helpful staff with confusion of what bar to get your prepaid drink from and the inability to change your drink order even though you pay $30 for the prepaid drink regardless?!?!?!	question	db
Its highway robbery at its finest but what do you expect from an expensive city like Singapore?	question	db
Really what else could you ask for?	question	db
Granted one does not exactly look for a burger when one visits the city, does one?	question	db
I've grown rather tired of poncy food in small dabs and dibs on a spartan place (unless it's truly meant to be that way - and what does that even mean?	question	db
I quote just two snippets of conversation with the waiter Me:  What does your veal come with?	question	db
They have a great location - I had no clue where ""The Foothills"" even was?	question	db
(If i didn;t have my own bottle of water i probably would have choke, thou i must say its illogical that the water for 3 people came after the tea i ordered, what happened was a mix of chaos  and lack of a proper system) I witness some other table's order missing a sausage and stuff (food processing wise i would say they really lack organisation, i mean they asked if we wanted our cake with the food (again what kinda question is this??)	question	db
so where doo wee goo too?	question	db
Of course you can eat slowly to spend more time in the shop, but why deprive others of their noodles?	question	db
How is this possible when you have to dig in with your hands???	question	db
First & foremost, I do not know where one yelper really went, this restaurant does not has a seating on a tarmac (what?	question	db
Maybe because the location was in a very central location, which was why it was busier and more expensive?	question	db
The best burger in Singapore... where is the six star rating?	question	db
You know those exercise programs where youre supposed to eat multiple small meals a day?	question	db
Why say it's good when it is not?!?!	rhetoric	db
So why then, is it so difficult to get bar service?	rhetoric	db
The bar is basically at the top of a shop house or two, which kinda makes the 'feng shui' or the feel of the space a bit weird if you know what I mean?	question	db
Ok I might get shot down for this, as who orders non-alcoholic drinks at a bar, but how is it that they have sparkling water on the menu?!	question	db
With so many bars and restaurants on Club St/Ann Siang Hill, what sets Oxwell & Co. apart?	question	db
And what the hell is with the taps?	question	db
I had to bitch and moan each time to get my money back ... what gives???	question	db
I had emailed a co-worker based in Singapore, what were some of the recommendations to eat while in the city?	question	db
We showed up at 7:30 sharp and was greeted with a ""hello, what is the reservation name under?"".	question	db
But who really cares?	question	db
Ok, I get the casual ambience, but why does everyone need to stand in line until their food is ready?	rhetoric	db
$90 for a simple lunch where every portion is small Unhelpful service who uses the flick of the head to indicate yes?	question	db
Plus when I see chorizo in it?	rhetoric	db
Made my reservation via the ever trusty Chope, but based on the crowd when I got there, I don't think you'll need one... still, I always think it's better to be safe than sorry right?	rhetoric	db
I'd actually rate the food 2 stars, but am upping it to 3 just because of the gin and tonic menu... what can I say?	question	db
24 hour layover in Singapore - where do you choose to get dinner?	question	db
So while a part of me said YES I have to eat here, the other half told me ""but what if it's a let down like initial reviews suggested?"".	question	db
After work, where else to go?	question	db
When you can't talk and get deaf, what is the point?	question	db
Just what makes me keep going back even though there is nothing different from the other outlets?	question	db
Now hawekers are not the most fancy places to be, but who needs fancy?	question	db
So why not take part in the awakening?	rhetoric	db
It's hot and sweaty, but what did you expect?	question	db
Wondering what goes with Bar Chor Mee or Claypot Rice?	question	db
I sat back down and shortly afterwards two guys, who had occupied the table in front of mine and had been eating, got up and walked past me, when one of them stopped and said he wanted to apologise for the slow service but they ""wanted to get the coffees out quickly""..  Again: Heh??	question	db
Could that be why Caffe B is called Caffe B ?	question	db
Also, side sour cream doesn't come with the quesadilla (which is pretty scandalous- what is a quesadilla without sour cream?!).	question	db
Aren't we in Southeast Asia where the tropical fruits are abundant?	question	db
Jack Sparrow once asked ""But why is the rum gone?""	question	db
But where can you find such reminiscence in this present day?	question	db
The texture of the fries was fine but where is the truffle oil?!	question	db
so just what makes them so good?	question	db
Cant finish the awesome tarts and dont know what to do with them?	question	db
Isn't that the place where in our guide book it said it had the best egg tarts?""	question	db
Good, but definitely not a budino, so why call it one?	question	db
So whats a former New Yorker to do when it comes to GOOD Italian food in Singapore?	question	db
Then why does it feel like something is off?	rhetoric	db
I mean god.. what did eggs become so expensive in Singapore?	question	db
So why the f**k do half of my group consistently have to wait sometimes 10-15 mins for their food to come out after the first plates are laid on our table (getting cold)??	rhetoric	db
Even when the last dishes come out- (like today, 15 mins after the first ones)- somehow half the stuff on the plate is barely warm..  How does this happen?	question	db
I had to fight a reflex retch motion...   Slightly embarassed (as was dining with 'new friends'), I waved down a waiter who took it back to the kitchen to be re-cooked (no apology?).	question	db
Of course I gave my opinion (tactfully of course) but was told the burger is usually served medium... if that was the case, why was I not given a refund?	rhetoric	db
The limited number of tables available and the fairly egalitarian reservation policy is a big factor, though some would say Julien is the biggest pull and who doesn't want to see the insides of the Supreme Court anyway?	question	db
Given how well the dishes were executed, why not be adventurous with the produce?	rhetoric	db
The reason why I keep coming back?	rhetoric	db
Take the first three letters of each word and what do you get?	question	db
You know how at most food joints, where you have to portion your meat and vegetables accordingly to your carbs?	question	db
I mean what else do u expect but jacked up prices and mediocre food?	question	db
Also, who doesn't like Mexican food right?	question	db
But then again, in a country where $22-28 cocktail has become a norm, i guess this is the price to pay for glam-ed up street food?	question	db
It's one of those nights where you just finished watching a performance in town, it's close to 10pm..where can you go to get some decent food?	question	db
Nyonya Nasi Lemak $12 - why Nyonya?	question	db
However, I think if they are going to do it, why not go all the way and make the burger of a more reasonable size for dinner?	rhetoric	db
I'm on a quest to dessert my way through the lauded restaurants in this luxurious mall - these restauranters are meant to be at the top of their class, and what better way to test their prowess than through my favourite course of a meal (and the only reason I sit through the preceding courses)?	question	db
Then again, teh only korean food I had was in NYC so what do I know?	rhetoric	db
Ok, so they take back the paella to the kitchen to do what again?	question	db
Unlike many so-called sake bars in Singapore where they have poor pickings and indifferent waitstaff, the guys here have everything -- maybe the biggest selection of retail sake in Singapore?	question	db
Icing in the cake:  $3.50 for four slices of stale bread, which we asked once we got the mozzarella and prosciutto (the bread should just come with the dish, who eats prosciutto without break?!?)	question	db
OK but where were the scallops?	question	db
Yes it's your birthday, you know, and your friends know, why should anyone else fucking care?	rhetoric	db
it took me awhile to get a menu and then once i ordered a drink it took me 35 minutes to get our drinks (after i walked to the back and said where is my beer)?	question	db
I think it helps a lot when the manager, executive chef?	question	db
Usually when it's during quiet periods, people in general tend to just chat, shoot the breeze or go outside and smoke - which is fine when it's slow, eh?	question	db
There's a spot downstairs called TOSSZ Salad... Why the extra Z?	rhetoric	db
So what if this place is for tourists?	question	db
Our burgers came medium rare and pink, which is how I like em, but who knows?	question	db
Service was... well they were really crowded and busy on a monday and MAYBE there was just one poor guy shucking oysters because that's the only reason I think of to explain why the oysters took so long to come?	rhetoric	db
And what about the 26 cups of sugarcane?	question	db
Sitting on the bench eating my Char Kway Teow I could just guess what inside the noodles because it just looked brownish?	question	db
Most of the stalls closed down early on weekdays and it was quiet when we were there and it was not even that late?	rhetoric	db
I went solo but met a few groups due to the table shortage, most notably a Filipino nightclub performer and his girlfriend who insisted I try the squid and palabka(sp?).	question	db
Guess what we want, you genius?	question	db
ever had that inspiration to immediately start writing a review when you are still dining at a restaurant?	question	db
Menu does change from time to time but what won my heart was their sweetbread, foie terrine, bone marrow, and when was the last time anyone attempted fish quenelles?	question	db
Damn, with only 5 people eating and 1 person ordering 1 drink, what the hell did we order???	question	db
Then again, who doesn't love berries and cream???	question	db
So what does that mean per se?	question	db
So what happened when I visited?	rhetoric	db
Haven't heard of the talented Chef Tom Wells who works with Luke Mangan at Salt grill & Sky bar (Ion shopping mall) before Salt Tapas opens in May?	question	db
Everyone at the table got into a state of nirvana and who was to say the dessert was no good?	question	db
I mean, what could go wrong with sausage?	question	db
(Come on yelp, where is my mexi-can badge?)	question	db
Well, well, well... What can I say?	question	db
oh chipotle, when will you finally come to sg??	question	db
Not to mention, their afternoon tea is Asian-inspired... who would've thought of using chopsticks when you're having afternoon tea?!	question	db
Plus - I have NO idea why almost 80% of the dishes are out of stock when I come from breakfast... if the kitchen sees this as a recurring trend, shouldn't some effort be made to increase cooking volumes?	rhetoric	db
Maybe we were used to the salty bacon from the supermarket or other places, and thus might not appreciate it when it was cured in-house?	question	db
food wise, where do you start?	question	db
THe crusty baguette they serve is simply perfect... again, where can I buy this in Singapore?!	question	db
How do they know what you've tried?	question	db
It's the kind of place where everyone gets to know the affable owners Pio and Adam - likely through a game of beer pong they'll challenge you to - a place where everyone knows your name (Cheers, anyone?).	question	db
We noted the small portion for the price, but what do you expect at a place at MBS, with the view this place has?	question	db
We spotted a family noshing on pizza, and randomly decided to pop by - at first glance, we couldn't even tell what the name of the restaurant was; where's the sign board?	question	db
Gamsahapnida :)  Before we cross the bridge to the conversation of protein, what about the other banchan (side dishes)?	question	db
How good can it be when it's not even one of the Top 3 Wagyu Beef in Japan?	question	db
The place was loud and crowded but who cares when they make dumplings that good?	question	db
Want to be where the action is any night of the week?	question	db
You know when you get halfway through something and you're kind of sick of eating it?	question	db
A note on the service:  WHO CARES!?	question	db
), long queues, may get nagged at at the aunty who directs diners to tables and cleans tables, iced lotus tea that tastes like soap and did I mention to salty broth?!	question	db
So what makes Sampo so special?	question	db
In all honesty, i can't see why theres so much hype about this place?	rhetoric	db
Y'know, when fat cools and becomes this powdery white substance?	question	db
Since there are substantial savings, I decided why not head there for a try?	rhetoric	db
Like seriously, what more could I ask for?	question	db
Probably not, if I would, it would be for the view or the cheap drinks than the food but I guess there are so many other places at Clarke Quay which have better food options so why return?	question	db
For some reason, Miguel's steak was taking a long time (maybe that's why it came out dry and overcooked?)	question	db
That doesn't come across well to customers, why not just print new menus??	rhetoric	db
Poor service (do I really need to repeatedly ask for water refills when the restaurant is half empty?)	question	db
Can you imagine the blasphemy of such activities when you happen to also be at a buffet?	question	db
So what can I say about this place if you plan to visit?	question	db
If you are around the Outram Park / Chinatown area, why not visit this place for a quiet respite?	rhetoric	db
I could go for some ice cream so why not?	rhetoric	db
And their daily ritual used to cost me $7.90, so who is the REAL savvy customer here?	question	db
Now what would you choose?	question	db
Good food tastes better when it's value for money, no?	question	db
But one wonders why the cubed potatoes are called crab potatoes?	rhetoric	db
I had angel hair sort of alio-olio but with a twist (I still don't know what the twist was, but it was good: sakura ebi paste?	question	db
So what so unique about Yet Con's Chicken?	question	db
Well, what is so special about Yet Con?	question	db
There are plenty of chicken rice places in the Seah St/Purvis Street area (Hainanese enclave, a long time ago), so why this one?	question	db
Especially when competition is rife with Gunther's down the street?	question	db
I also really wanted to try the Kaya toast there, and for $1.40 - why not?	rhetoric	db
Fries were anemic (you know, when they don't spend enough one in the deep fryer), beef patty dry (wagyu?	question	db
Ask for soy sauce and you get the most miniscule serving to share amongst diners, water is not readily served, and when we turned up with a birthday cake and asked them to bring it out for us later, they just put it right next to the birthday girl about a minute later rather than keeping it hidden away...?	rhetoric	db
The service was just lousy, in general the waitress was unfriendly and snippy, when the dimsum arrived I asked for chili and soy sauce and they gave me soy sauce only, so I had to ask again (why don't they serve it automatically in the first place?).	rhetoric	db
Maybe ""bill"" might be the term more acceptable in Singapore but: a) if she did not understand the first time, why did she not ask?	question	db
And of course you slap your forehead and say, Marcus, why didn't you take the lift?	question	db
Still where else are you gonna get fresh produce and free flow wagyu?	question	db
This was okay bak chor mee, yes - but to call it the best bak chor mee in Singapore when I can't even decide if I prefer it to the ones sold by the hawkers in my neighbourhood?	rhetoric	db
Strange set-up, but who am I to judge?	question	db
I'm surprised by the people who said service is slow??	question	db
out of town visitors, from my motherland, in queue in front of me were debating what they should order?	question	db
And why are they charging 50cents more just for it to be iced?	question	db
And what better way to recover from a hangover than sangria at 11am?	question	db
What kind of restaurant does keep track of when their ingredients would come?	question	db
So what do you get for 11 and change?	question	db
It is like when you need some comfort lovin'; have you ever rated it poorly at the end of it?	question	db
Customizable sushi in beautiful packaging reminiscent of Bankaku-style boxes - what isn't there to love?	question	db
But then again, when is sushi not the best thing ever?	question	db
Looked bitter, smelt bitter and what do you know?	question	db
and to finish - my partner and I were really baffled: why was this place located in suntec city?	rhetoric	db
but as it stands - I'm not quite sure what to recommend: post dinner drinks, or a posher type dinner with the in-laws perhaps?	question	db
I decided against, but guess what I'm having for dinner tonight?	question	db
Of course we had contests, and these are the champions... but who crowned them?	question	db
Yes, it's filled with tourist but what do you expect being so close to Gardens by the Bay?	question	db
For you locals, you know what 'Otah-Otah' is, no?	question	db
On a side note, where the hell are these young kids making money?	question	db
The Malay aunties sometimes pretend not to speak much English, and frankly can't be bothered with stupid tourist questions, but the food this great, who cares?	question	db
I came in with around 12 people and were accommodated very nicely - we played games, we ate good food, what more is there to love?	question	db
Do not know where to go for supper?	question	db
Specials for just $2   For $2, what meal can you get in the Dhoby Ghaut area?	question	db
How can you be out of Sake when serving sushi?	question	db
I figured, why not try it out?	rhetoric	db
Gotta be tough sometimes, know what I'm sayin'?	question	db
The feel is everything: stepping out of the lift (which was already cool -the wooden accents and detailed vent... who does that?	question	db
), what more can one ask for?	question	db
It's fresh, fast, good and with reasonable prices... What else?	question	db
First thought when people go to Soup Spoon will be.. ""Ah?	question	db
The waitress came back with the same sandwich at least three times, with nothing to say but ""This is not what you ordered?""	question	db
they also have one of those electronic queuing systems where you take a ticket number and they text you when your turn arrives, so while you might have to wait outside in the abominable heat for a bit (I did say this place was trendy and popular, right?	question	db
You know that feeling when you met someone for the first time but felt comfortable talking about everything and anything like you've known each other all your life?	question	db
Served with a small scoop of what tasted like bread-pudding ice-cream and some crumbs of what we speculated were nuts, oatmeal, cookie crumbles and crust of carrot cake?	question	db
So why the need to go through the address again?	rhetoric	db
I don't care how many fancy new homemade ice cream places pop up here (seriously, why do people mix crap into their ice cream... and put up with light-as-air 'healthier'/'egg-free'/'less-sugar' bullshit?!)	question	db
^whatever Adrianna said  You know what makes it more impressive?	question	db
10% service fee but hey, why I have to get up to pay for the bill ?	rhetoric	db
Noodles when I can have bratwurst?)	rhetoric	db
But wait, what part of Singapore isn't clean?	question	db
I paid for my meal and if I can't finish it there, why should I waste food and leave it?	rhetoric	db
Fair enough, but why was there a need for the guy to intercept us?	rhetoric	db
Maybe to avoid grumpy staff scolding you when they're busy, come for supper when it's less crowded?	question	db
I pinched a good couple of slices of a buddy anyway (see what I did there?	question	db
Hey in additional, where can you find a descent steak for under $25 with 2 side dishes in a restaurant setting in Singapore?	question	db
We asked ""can we know what we have ordered for our side dishes?""	question	db
So where did things go downhill?	question	db
The waffle looked so pale, when it first arrived I had thought of asking them to heat it in the waffle iron longer?	question	db
My husband and I ordered the BEAST burger to share, because why not?	rhetoric	db
You gotta love Singaporean art and performances - if you don't, who will?	question	db
I like Pu Tien's snacks.. instead of giving us braised peanuts to munch on while waiting for the dishes to be served, we got some kind of awesome fried seaweed thingie with another dish of preserved chilled vegetables (I am so sorry, I really have NO idea what these dishes are called...)   When the main dishes arrive, they may look ""HUH?""	question	db
Pricey, but hey, when in Singapore, right?	question	db
I know, I know, when in Rome, right?	question	db
The smooth, creaminess of the custard coupled with a thin caramel crust - come on, who doesn't like that?	question	db
From the artisan breads to 45 minute poached egg, perfect snapper, and baked pigeon (if it can't be prepared well here, where can it be?	question	db
All I've said so far is amazing so why 3 stars?	question	db
Fine, fine...I've tried Piedra Negra's nachos before and their margaritas are pretty solid so why not just try a fish taco?	rhetoric	db
Well why don't you charge 50 cents and scoop some ice?	rhetoric	db
$2 after the promotion, versus what $12 at Lune?	question	db
The environment here is gritty, but what better way to eat innards in soup?	question	db
This is spicy to me, but not in the ""OMG my mouth is on fire where is the water?""	question	db
Yes, I get that, But I believe there is always room for flexibility where the 8pax could have their meal cooked and served first and the remaining 2 pax to start when they arrive?	question	db
You know who can resist specials?	question	db
The rice rolls (cheong fun) are HK style with the dark sauce; decently tasty, but a little pricey for what you're eating, and the $3.00 they charge for a plain porridge (a little starchy?)	question	db
Non-Koreans are probably unfamiliar with this cuisine so how would they know to spot a good Korean-Chinese food nor recognize when they see one?	question	db
Well I'm not a pompous connoisseur but surely you need to know what is decaf coffee if you're serving coffee??	question	db
BUTTT...  What is wrong with the Bacon here??	question	db
As hungry as a bear I ordered the $22 plus Chicken leg, why so expensive?	question	db
Washrooms here are pretty nasty... but what can you do?~  Overall, it was a good experience - more on the fact that the lunch special was a great meal since they provide a lot for that price and you definitely get comfy once you sit in the booths.	question	db
And... OMG, Gyoza-ya, where have thou been all my life?	question	db
Good food, friendly staffs - what else to ask for?	question	db
After all, who eats dim sum at NIGHT?!	question	db
Steamed Egg Cake: now, why don't they just call this steamed brown sugar sponge cake?	rhetoric	db
And as you can see why a 3 stars?	question	db
Not only could you taste that it needed to be changed desperately but it made you wonder what kind of an establishment can be so good in other things but overlook rookie mistakes?	question	db
So why am I docking it off a star?	question	db
Fresh food abounds... Superior service.. Why go anywhere else?	question	db
3) Laksa pesto linguini with king prawn - Who can resist a linguini dish that is made with ""Laksa Pesto""??	question	db
Two poached eggs for less than S$3, where can you get this in SG?	question	db
Convert this to US dollars and what do you get?	question	db
You know the ones where they ask you three times if you really like spicy?	question	db
The portions were generous, for pastas, (but since I don't eat carbs, what do I know?	rhetoric	db
so i guess we all just gotta wait for the papers to publish a correction or customers gotta face potential disappointment and frustration when trying to online or over the phone?	question	db
The dried chilies did not contribute to any of the spiciness too (another white elephant) and I wondered why was this dish even classified as ""spicy""?!!!	rhetoric	db
And why this place attracts so many women??	question	db
And you HAVE TO give tips, like why ?	question	db
Xiao long baos are amazing as with their other outlets-only complain would be the smell (which somewhat resembles that of when you enter a gym??)	question	db
I generally don't like Chinese food (I know, I know... then why do I live here?	rhetoric	db
Would anyone ask for duck when they order chicken rice?	question	db
When we said we were ordering food and asked again about a table they asked- well, what are you ordering?	question	db
I am just curious what people like to eat here and what make this place so busy?	question	db
You know when you try a dish somewhere?	question	db
I wonder why they tout this in their Japanese menu but it's only Japanese because of the unagi and the seaweed?	rhetoric	db
Yes there's prawns and squid and what not, but $15.90?	question	db
But who goes there for the drinks eh?	question	db
Oh Chili's, why can't I quit you?	question	db
Gosh, why do we have to endure bad service and non-ethical behaviour in our F&B world?	question	db
So what do you get for something so cheap?	question	db
so just what goes into the sauce that drenches wee nam kee's noodles?	question	db
The original version is only $2.50, and who sells at this price now?	question	db
The ugly: Where do you go from here when you've tasted the best?	question	db
My taxi driver suggested I go to Newton as we passed by because that's where all the locals eat and since it was pretty much within walking distance from the hotel I thought why not?	rhetoric	db
I mean, what were you expecting?	question	db
So grab some seafood and a fruit drink and who cares if people label you as a tourist?	question	db
""Then what sets them apart?	question	db
like why would you omit that from the menu?	rhetoric	db
If your restaurant is empty, why were some menu items unavailable?	question	db
As usual, prices at ps cafe would be lovely at -20% but when there's demand, why bother?	rhetoric	db
Guess what else was on the bill?	question	db
Of course who would go back in and demand for the napkins right since we paid for them?	question	db
Yummy, comforting food at 4 in the morning - what more can you expect from a restaurant?	question	db
I was so psyched when Ginza Bairin first opened (yeah how many of yooz have been coming here for this long huh?)	question	db
Yep, who knew that legal prostitution and great Thai food could be served up in the same building?!	question	db
My husband and I love the puzzled looks we get when we tell them we love to go to Orchard Towers for...dinner??	rhetoric	db
My colleagues find this place extremely overpriced, but what trendy place in Tiong Bahru isn't?	question	db
Remember when Turkish bread was a thing, guys?	question	db
I also got a slice of banoffee cake, which had a dollop of whipped cream on the side - why you no give more?	question	db
Except that we weren't sufficiently IN THE KNOW, so we walked past this place maybe 3 times while looking puzzedly at our phones (""Google Maps says we're HERE but WHERE IS IT?!?!"")	question	db
In a related aside, where is the finesse in a rice bowl with supermarket fish-cake, egg and basic enoki mushrooms?	question	db
Why should I spend $250 at your restaurant for bad food and bad service when I can go to Ikyu around the corner and have an infinitely superior meal?	rhetoric	db
So, why the 3 star rating?	rhetoric	db
But who needs fancy when your food tastes like heaven in your mouth?	question	db
Is this what paradise tastes like?	question	db
Do you know why this 4 fingers place missing 5th finger?	question	db
I was pissed off that I went to the window again and told the server, what kind of garbage is this and why cold? ""	question	db
So, why four stars?	question	db
So why only four stars?	question	db
And that's always good news when you talk about a buffet - the whole point is to eat till you (almost) pop, right?	question	db
So, what better time than now?	question	db
Specifically the bone marrow - what the hell is that??	question	db
and ""Why was this not indicated when making the booking?""	rhetoric	db
And this was not the first time Salt has participated in Restaurant Week, wouldn't they have known better on what to expect?	question	db
Oh my gawd, where do I even start?	question	db
Rather than giving them an entire table, how about using the bar space where you are displaying bottles or creating a larger communal table (the taller tables would be ideal) to optimize seating?	question	db
The tacos tasted microwaved, the pork was dry, where is the beef infusion that you guys were raving about?!	question	db
Dishes like Lor Mee, Hor Fun and Mee Fun incur my wrath - how can you enjoy the flavours when everything is soaked in thick gravy?	question	db
They have the best street food, the best chicken and rice....so who would expect a hotel restaurant to have such good chicken and rice?	question	db
The mushroom was really tasty maybe thats where the oyster had gone?	question	db
I mean, what is she going to do with the other half?	question	db
Perfectly poached eggs with chunky succulent and sweet smoked ham, creamy hollandaise sauce with the right amount of acidity, what more can i ask for in a Benny?	question	db
But why letting your customer go through such unpleasant experience???	question	db
There were cute bottles of PUDDING on display, who can resist pudding?!	question	db
Korean Bakery Why Seoul Expensive?	question	db
Smoky Salted Caramel, intense Matcha Croissant for the everything-matcha zen-ness, savory Quatre Fromage for the cheese fans (like who doesn't love cheese?!	question	db
Alas, why they allocated such a little quantity to its outlet?	rhetoric	db
Misses include their white chocolate cheesecake (I don't know what it was... Too sweet?	question	db
The food selection itself was also not what we expected - we ended up with indian food (butter chicken?	question	db
That's where my problem was - why for a beautiful creation like this that's supposed to be that perfect dessert would you have TOMATO AND SHISO???	question	db
If I should eat each vegetable individually, where do I start?	question	db
How can say not ok when you walked all the way there for a fix?	question	db
I've only tried the shabu shabu in this place, and why else would I stray to something else?	question	db
When I get a chance to go back, I'll make sure to ask all my burning questions: why is the bar called Horse's Mouth, and why is Louis so damn awesome!?	rhetoric	db
Remember the movie Liar Liar when the truth always explosively erupts out of Jim Carrey's mouth, often to devastating effect?	question	db
Similarly, when I see all the favourable ratings, the needle of my inner food-o-meter will swing violently leading me to burst, ""NICE MEH?""	rhetoric	db
We all have a favorite beach, but what about a favorite beachside cafe?	question	db
The interior decor is astounding, and it clearly reflects its founders' taste in fashion and design (did you know that PS Cafe stands for Project Shop Cafe, for back when it was a cafe attached to a fashion goods store?)	question	db
This place has not changed in a decade - and why should it?	rhetoric	db
You know what I'm sayin'?	question	db
Better yet, Marche, why don't you bring this chain to the States?	rhetoric	db
My friend and I came here for dinner and ordered the hainan chicken rice with the pork ribs in egg batter (I think that's what it was called?).	question	db
With all due respect, why on Earth would anyone compare Suju to Sukiyabashi Jiro?	question	db
Attended to us when we wanted to order and for top up of drinks, otherwise they just stood at a corner which I felt they probably could be a tad friendlier?	rhetoric	db
My biggest beef (see what I did there?)	question	db
So why two stars?	question	db
Day beds Live jazz Premium free bar snacks Cocktails Sunset Peacocks roaming around you Pool view  What else do you need?	question	db
so what is the signature dish?	question	db
Ok, what other suggestions can you make for a vegetarian starter since this is the only one aside from soup (not a great choice for sharing)?	question	db
A few minutes later...guess what idea he comes back with?	question	db
The food - oh man, where should I start again?	question	db
The sourdough bread is... what can I say?	question	db
""No what croque do you want??""	question	db
(Also, who has salads for breakfast?!)	question	db
I've never been a big fan of japanese izakaya street bbq skewer type food (is that what it's even called)?	question	db
so what happened to my bid for the terminator wall of fame?	question	db
With so much to offer, what else could make my people über happy?	question	db
I really like how they bring a shaw for you if you're cold, and I love when my dad orders sake (i think?)	question	db
I don't want to ruffle my fellow Singaporean yelpers' feathers as to who has the better version of Bak Kut Teh: Singapore or Malaysia, but can I say that Malaysia's Herbal Bak Kut Teh trumps Singapore black peppery Bak Kut Teh?!	question	db
We were so stupid excited to try the infamous chicken rice that when they brought out this little bowl of rice, we asked the waitress twice if this was really it?	question	db
Good food, overall, but when you're paying high prices for such bad service, why bother?	rhetoric	db
Beautiful interior, good food and service, and lots of dessert options - what else could you ask for in a good brunch spot?	question	db
So why do i keep going back?	rhetoric	db
Just like bak kut teh, porridge is another one of those dishes where I'm all, ""Why the hell would anyone eat this when it's hot enough to fry an egg on the sidewalk?!""	rhetoric	db
But where in Singapore can one possibly have Australian meatballs at the Live Station?	question	db
Drinks, Eats & Tunes whilst watching the TB/Zion evening traffic roulette  Classic mojito was perfectly minty last night ... but looks like the change in bar person has had a negative effect as what little mint there is in thw bottom has not been muddled and the leaves are brown not green...?	question	db
Just think of all the superlatives that pepper reviews of the latest French restaurant, Italian joint or Spanish tapas place; why don't those same superlatives apply here?	rhetoric	db
But it also tasted poor: the tapenade was barely noticeable, the salmon had no taste and the other things - what were they again?	question	db
With all the chicken rice stalls and restaurants popping up, with one receiving a Bib Gourmand from Singapore's Michelin guide, what differentiates Loy Kee from the rest of the pack?	question	db
Worth a visit if you need a burger and want to upgrade from Makudonarudo - see what I did?	question	db
You pay for exactly what you asked for so there shouldn't be a problem right?	question	db
Also, why not offer a raw egg too?	rhetoric	db
What better way to butter up your gathering with people you haven't met in a while than over a buffet where you can enjoy a whole lot of good food (with variety) and sit for at least 3hours and no one will stare at you for taking such a long time?	question	db
The brothers, who trained in Sydney (but where else?	question	db
Aren't you tempted by the craggy exterior when confronted?	question	db
It's definitely very pricey but what do you expect from a dempsey joint?	question	db
I've been here twice now and I'm not sure if my expectations for frog porridge are high (and why should they be?)	rhetoric	db
Came here on a Sunday morning for the brunch buffet - who says no to free flow dimsum?	question	db
It's much of a straight cut and they are as deeply fried as the ones you have in MacD's (: I guess this is what they call ""a healthier choice""...?	question	db
Our waitress who smiles like she's having tooth pain was serving us the wrong dish but she seemed like she doesn't want to serve us the right dish "" Do you still want your dish?	question	db
A bit expensive for a bowl of noodles when I compare it to KL, but who am I kidding?!	rhetoric	db
But the question is, ""does it hit the spot when I can't have the kin kin dried chilli pan Mee in Singapore?""	rhetoric	db
the staff had their game on when it came to topping up our glasses, but why does happy hour only apply outside and not inside?	rhetoric	db
We really enjoy the long opening hours too - 7am to 4am the next day, when do they sleep?!	question	db
My only complaint: why was there only one soft clove of garlic in the bowl?	rhetoric	db
Every customer is only allowed to buy 12, and I ended up getting a dozen, because well, I'm already in line so why not??	rhetoric	db
I caught myself thinking - why would people come back to receive such abuse and pay so much?	rhetoric	db
Also, who throughs on top St. Louis Ribs Dry Rub a Sauce?	question	db
The person who made the reservation was going to drink, so he said yes -- not knowing that the owner meant ""is everyone in your party drinking?""	question	db
They had other cash registers throughout the store, why couldn't someone ring me up there?	question	db
If you're thinking why Japanese drinks?	question	db
Want some really good hand-made soba that's comparable to what you can get in Japan?	question	db
PS Why was my Yelp Friend kept sticking his tongue out at me while eating?	rhetoric	db
I thought why aren't there a lot of people?	question	db
But what was it Melbourne that was better?	question	db
you can also order half a pig if you so choose but why would you?	rhetoric	db
So why do I still give it 3 stars?	rhetoric	db
Any idea where she moved with the closure or Ghim Moh for renovation?	question	db
Some of my friends commented, why pay $10 for 8 winglets when you can get prawn paste chicken wings from any tze char stall, at a lower price?	question	db
Ever since I visited Rokurinsha at Ramen Street in Tokyo (which is highly recommended, but that's food for another review - sorry for the bad pun) I've been looking for Tsukemen ramen everywhere In the world and who would have thought I could find a decent version right at my doorstep, in Holland V?	question	db
I knew what I'd be getting with the global chain but why not give the indie neighborhood cafe a try?	rhetoric	db
Ok why pay a premium here when you can easily get a whole roast duck at hawker centres for say SGD 25-30?	question	db
I have no doubt that my nostalgia unfairly colors my musings about this dish, but aren't all our food adventures just an extension of where we've been and what we've done and with whom?	question	db
And who doesn't love the combination of spinach/cottage cheese on top of perfect rice made with shiitake mushrooms and cashews?	question	db
$13 bucks or so per adult for lunch - where else to find such a good deal?!	question	db
Ok, maybe so do 90% of their customers but who cares?	question	db
Plenty of such shops around and what makes this place stand out from the others?	question	db
Lastly, what is it with the charges for napkin, hot sauce, and pickles, etc...is this a food court or a restaurant?	question	db
Can't figure out what kind of ham it was (shaved luncheon?)	question	db
I wonder if that's why it's called a piZZzzzza?	question	db
Otherwise, where will I find my only spot for ""Orh Nee""?	question	db
The dish is very messy, but what good food isn't?	question	db
it was the first time we have ever tried salty egg as a sauce - BOY where have we been?	question	db
if you really want to fault it (but what for?	question	db
I'm not really sure what the sous-viding does for poached eggs - feels a little gimmicky, and in any case, aren't traditionally cooked poached eggs already meant to be soft and yielding inside?	question	db
We sat down, ticked a bunch of things, which may seem a lot for two people, but I'm a big NOM monster, so who cares?	question	db
At the onset, when you first lay your eyes on this beauty, you begin to wonder, ""this place looks out of place doesn't it?""	question	db
It tasted like something out of a can...  And why aren't the servers patrolling to see if customers have needs?	question	db
She replied, ""up to you lor"" Unsatisfied with the answer I chimed in, ""but what would you recommend?""	question	db
but what makes this shop special?	question	db
how about the experienced and ever so friendly staff that make appropriate recommendations and always warn me when i try to order too much?	rhetoric	db
how about the bell you can ring for immediate service when they get super busy?	question	db
So for those reviews that say it's not authentic pho, what do they know?	question	db
Seriously, who puts masala powder on top of a sorbet?	question	db
Understandably, sugarcane doesn't have much of a flavor but why do they even have this on the menu?	question	db
With 313 opening up beside it, all the more foot traffic and more restaurants to compete with... so why the need for the steep increase?	rhetoric	db
And Thai food naturally pairs well with beer, and so when you have freshly brewed beer, brewed onsite, what can beat that?	question	db
I guess mum was right when she said good things come to those who wait?	question	db
The portions here are quite decent which is great (I mean, who wants to have Italian and not feel full after the meal?!?!)	question	db
The only down side are -- first, the menu is not so clear ""Brunch Smalls"" and ""Brunch Bigs"", who would have known it meant appetizers and mains?	question	db
And what happened to the root beer?	question	db
This is one of those situations where you think, ""I get what you're trying to do, but how do I say this nicely?	question	db
Anyways, food-wise... what can you expect from an ultra high-end 5-star hotel restaurant like Carousel?	question	db
I then asked why was the signs displayed on each table?	rhetoric	db
They refused to do it and said it's a common practice to not honour discounts on Public Holiday (there was a tiny print at the bottom that does say that but sigh, who reads those small minuscule fine prints?)	question	db
After checking, and realizing that it was sent to the wrong table (which we already knew), he decided to confront the waitress who sent wrongly instead of coming to me directly (he was 2 tables away asking the waitress ""why you send the duck to the other table?	question	db
Lucky for me I tend to chew throughly before swallowing but what if there were guests who took 2-3 chews before swallowing?	question	db
I don't even know why I didn't write this review earlier??!!	rhetoric	db
What is this place doing in pasir panjang road and where all these people coming from during lunch hour?	question	db
You don't need that much more when all you want is to eat a cupcake, right?	question	db
No frills, but this is what you're looking for, right?	question	db
First of all, why people come here?	question	db
I also wonder why their sign says ""the best kabob"" when all what they serve is shawarma, no kabob?	rhetoric	db
So what else left for kebab to be desired when the wrap and the meat are fucked up?	question	db
However, the cream cheese topping was great :) who knew cream-cheese went well with corn?	question	db
Speaking of which, why is there a 10% service charge when patrons have to place their own orders and walk up to pay at the counter?	question	db
I was a little puzzled; were we supposed to play with the plushies and when hungry, asked for our food?	question	db
I had to go and get it by myself and why should I pay for d service fee?	rhetoric	db
Exactly why does this place exist, and WHY is there a crowd?	rhetoric	db
Nana and your green tea, where have you been all my life?	question	db
Overall, this place is worth a shot :) If you're in PS and looking for japanese rice/noodles and a good bowl of matcha ice-cream why not pop by?	rhetoric	db
You put fried potato wedges, most likely from left overs, into what you sell as seafood chowder?	question	db
I had a similar experience with Cold Stone Creamery where in Singapore it literally was mind blowingly good but as soon as I went to Taiwan it just didn't taste the same way?	question	db
but hey, if personalizing isn't your thing (in which case, why are you even here?	question	db
Service, what service?	question	db
(The one room I checked out talked about women's rights in Singapore, yet I didn't see that topic discussed at length in the events track, so it made me wonder what was not covered in the other track and vice versa?)	question	db
To that, I say that Singapore is a multi-cultural place with four predominant languages (English, Malaysia, Chinese, and Tamil), what exactly do people want, extended explanations in four languages under every single artifact and picture and portrait?	question	db
The fact that we were reminded of the time, kinda stressed us out - I mean who likes to be rushed when eating steamboat right?	question	db
The new location had half of its space in the open and with a weather like Singapore, who would visit to have a meal when there was no air conditioning?	question	db
Plus, who could have expected some tantalizing deep-fried potato slices at the base?	question	db
The food is good and inexpensive, the staff really nice, so where else to go for a lazy Sunday lunch and some book reading?	question	db
And what the hell have raw tuna to do with German food?	question	db
Now remember what my date said about wasabi?	question	db
I get it; it's located in a lively spot (Robertson Quay), and why not stop in for a late night drink?	rhetoric	db
I expected the food to be better than what I experienced since its supposed to be slightly more 'upscale'?	question	db
My friends had other things like chicken and what not but then again who orders chicken at a fish restaurant?	question	db
They are clearly understaffed, but what I don't get here is that they have an upstairs seating as well?	question	db
Food was meh, pretty alright, the hamburger steak they made was pretty good (needed more salt), and they are pretty filling (well they are almost 100% carbs - what do you expect?).	question	db
But why are the mashed potatoes so gummy?	question	db
Why serve patrons tea that has set for a while when there's a fresh pot?	question	db
You should never confront your patrons in a defensive / interrogative manner and why would I send back one if I had ordered two?	rhetoric	db
But on overall, there are better places for Japanese food at Clarke Quay so why bother?	rhetoric	db
Ever stuck in a forsaken place where the nearest bus stop is a winding 3 streets down?	question	db
other items on the menu also looked pretty tasty, but hey, what doesn't look tasty at 3:30am?	question	db
so why the low rating?	rhetoric	db
so what the hell, singapore?	question	db
You would think that they would ask the people who actually ordered the item if we wanted the item we ordered first, right?	question	db
I wasn't personally sure what was so Russian about it (maybe they have a lot of vodka?)	question	db
The waitress asked which tea would we like but actually she only  had one type, so why bother to asking?	rhetoric	db
Say the words, ""I ate at a hotel buffet when I was in Asia"" to Anthony Bourdain, and what is he apt to do?	rhetoric	db
No welcome from the waitress who instead took her time coming to serve us and then muttered under her breath that we should go back and queue up at the entry - despite there being many free tables and no-one waiting outside (inflexible protocol?).	question	db
Me: What if the customer doesn't leave?!	question	db
And when I mentioned Paul Bakery, what is the first thing that comes to mind?	rhetoric	db
But my acid test is always - if I can make it cheaper and better at home, then why bother?	rhetoric	db
However, I'm still questioning their ingredient choices: why would you include roasted mushrooms???	rhetoric	db
just who is angela may?	question	db
and so, just who is angela may?	question	db
And when did they start offering a spicy and original option?	question	db
If I like it so much, why don't I just give it 5 stars and marry it?	rhetoric	db
it was late but who can resist eating a piece of still piping hot golden fried chicken?	question	db
Why would anyone seat 10 people who were not there for the buffet right in front of it, thus causing an awkward blockage for the other guests?	rhetoric	db
Upon reaching the place, we saw this long list of country names scrawled on blackboards - why do ALL new and upcoming restaurants love using blackboards as their menus these days ah?	question	db
The beef steak quality in terms of taste had dropped a little compared to when it first started out.	statement	db
I am definitely coming back for more but as at now, i'm good just to come down here for an occasional indulgence on weekends when it's quieter and not having 20 people staring at me while waiting for my seat.	statement	db
I like the grilled chicken thighs, though the dude and people who don't like to deal with skin opt for the chicken breast.	statement	db
The word ""sous vide"" just cracks me up (yes pun intended) because it sounds overly fancy for what really is an unnecessarily long procedure.	statement	db
I have tried queuing or getting friends in the area to queue at various times between 11.30am to 2pm and have only found two time slots where the order queue was short and even then, the collection was still ridiculous.	statement	db
Nope I'm not disclosing what those time periods are but let's just say, it takes eating at DC very frequently and some routine experimenting to figure it out.	statement	db
DC's food is plain, doesn't require a perenakan grandma stirring buah keluak for 10 hours and literally sells itself because no one else is giving the huge middle class (read: its ok to charge up to $15 for 2 proteins), health conscious (read: the coconut water ruse works here) crowd in the area what they want.	statement	db
The value proposition doesn't get any more obvious when you realize Daily Cut is unrecognizable except for a picture of a salmon on the wall and the long queues filled predominantly with English speakers.	statement	db
There was a feature on Paleo options  in the local newspaper a couple of weeks back, and while I'm not exactly a fan of the Caveman diet (too many things to give up- the rainbow cake did not exist in the time of the Flintstones), a low-carb, high-protein option is what I've had in mind.	statement	db
My favorite side is the avocado ($2, I think), you get a half avocado which is usually perfectly ripe and delicious though I've had one miss when the avocado was a bit too unripe.	statement	db
Well, it can get pretty expensive- the price for add-ons is ridiculous (especially when compared to Munch Saladsmith just 10m away) and I have no idea if this is tastebud fatigue but it seems not as yummy as before.	statement	db
But I dislike how they try to charge you $1 for mushrooms, or Steak, and other stuff that adds up, and then when I went there for lunch at 3pm on a Thursday, they were out of some things and gave me almost $18 worth of salad and toppings for $10!	statement	db
I think the first 1-2 times I went when it first opened, it was great, but it has fallen majorly short of expectations ever since.	statement	db
Even when I tell them before I order, that last time it was dry, can they please make sure they cook it to order so that it's not dry...it's still dry.	statement	db
I don't remember the meats being so burnt when it first opened, maybe they need to clean their grills!	statement	db
I hosted a CMYE (community manager Yelp event) here and what I didn't realise was how small the space was.	statement	db
It was also quite dim as there wasn't much lighting and what lighting that could have been used from the entryway, was covered by some kind of a wooden barrier with a peephole.	statement	db
All in all it's a decent place to go especially in Telok Ayer at lunch or for brunch when everywhere else is crowded.	statement	db
I used to frequent Sarnies cafe a few steps away until recently when their part time staff blew me away with their lousy attitude.	statement	db
Again, the brioche needs to be upsized so do what I do and order their white bread for dipping ala kopitiam style.	statement	db
They need to add some jam as a condiment for those who want it.	statement	db
For which I'd trek to Nylon at Everton, where the excellent folks do beautiful coffee, and only coffee.	statement	db
There are also ample seats outdoors which is great for those who want a little more space to breathe.	statement	db
That's bizarre when it should be the other way around.	statement	db
And in a country where pleasant service is often lacking (sorry SG, I still love ya) the staff here is ALWAYS pleasant, happy, and up for a fun conversation.	statement	db
Ever since i moved to telok ayer for work, I notice there is always a lot of people enjoying their coffee outside Sarnies when I walk to work in the morning.	statement	db
Putting aside the question of why so many people can have a sit-down breakfast during normal working hours on a weekday, I am curious about Sarnies' breakfast offerings.	statement	db
I have allowed my curiosity to build up until one morning last week when I found myself particularly free and decided to venture inside Sarnies.	statement	db
The set up is simple, there is a huge counter where you order and get your food and drinks and then a few tables and chairs against the wall and filling up the rest of the limited space.	statement	db
Food: the food is good, but I think it's definitely too pricey for what it is.	statement	db
The interplay between the sweet and savory flavours when you do that makes the dessert so much more interesting!	statement	db
I was a little worried I won't be able to finish it but when I took one bite, I knew I'd finish the whole thing (and I did!).	statement	db
All in all, what a great food experience!	statement	db
The bread is addictively good so don't complain when your sandwiches come with massive slabs -- you'll thank them, I promise.	statement	db
Staff is friendly so even when it gets busy, you never seem to mind.	statement	db
Like, too big to put in your mouth HUGE for the sandwich (yeah that's what she said) and I was surprised I was STILL EATING HUGE for the salad.	statement	db
So if you're in the area and a little stumped for what to eat, I'd give Sarnies a try.	statement	db
It fell apart when I took a bite to try.	statement	db
The cashier was also very kind to check what I wanted to have and suggested I take the salad as my side for the chicken and order the hot sides separately as that will cost less.	statement	db
Rotisserie was my absolute favorite lunch spot back when i was working at raffles place.	statement	db
But that's not why I go there ;)  They have a dish that makes me want to stop everything to rush and eat it.	statement	db
They know what they do with this burger.	statement	db
Anyway, my work people rave about GT all day every day, so I thought let me go see what all the fuss is about.	statement	db
The dressing was the real star, and although when you look at the amount of food you are getting, you start to panic, but you'll be full.	statement	db
I saw they also do breakfast, and have some interesting stuff going on, so looking forward to go when I have a free minute to spare in the AM.	statement	db
Perfect for those who work in the CBD and need a quick, healthy lunch, or live in the area and need something after a work out, or on the way home from a late night at the office.	statement	db
Not a single smile and really curt replies when we ask questions.	statement	db
Stamp your own loyalty card and when you buy 6 cups, get a FREE one - amazing!	statement	db
I know there are bankers and lawyers but there are also underpaid consultants (aka me) and also others who earn a decent salary for a living.	statement	db
Depending on what you get it could be $15-20.	statement	db
Gotta eat kaya toast when in Sing; it's their version of dessert for breakfast.	statement	db
Staff is so very friendly, but when the boss lady walks around to collect before you eat, better pay up quick!	statement	db
Pandan is what makes up a lot of the kaya spread...and by golly it's amazing.	statement	db
A really nice man asked me if I was eating there or for takeaway, and when I said it was for there, he told me to take a seat anywhere and then brought over a menu.	statement	db
The small wooden chairs and tables are packed tightly together that it is hard to get around when crowded.	statement	db
Kaya toast was a MUST when I visited Singapore.	statement	db
I like coming to Ya Kun when I am in Singapore.	statement	db
I remember asking everyone about what I should eat or buy when I was in Singapore.	statement	db
For those of you who don't know, kaya is a spread made with coconut, eggs, sugar and pandan...or so Wikipedia says.	statement	db
I felt like when I got to the middle of the toast, I was just eating an entire tablespoon of butter along with the toast/kaya.	statement	db
However, when I asked a Singaporean if it was supposed to be like that, she said yes, and the butter is the best part!	statement	db
I'm just going to cut down on the butter when I do make my own!	statement	db
I honestly think you should try kaya toast when you're in Singapore, but not at Ya Kun (I like Toast Box better).	statement	db
I guess everybody has their preference on where to get the best Kaya toast, but Ya Kun is definitely one of my favorites.	statement	db
I am one of those who grew up being a BIG fan of Tapa King as my favorite fast-food breakfast spot.	statement	db
The food is relatively cheap when compared to other places.	statement	db
I would not seek it out if I was not nearby, but it's got most of what you would expect!	statement	db
*ahem*    Sincere healthy food  Located in at the bottom of the one raffles  You do what is blatantly good  When we want something more than just waffles   Your chicken breast is skinless  Your beetroot yam combi fulfilling  Your service is wonderfully full of classiness  Which is why i love the food that im eating	statement	db
Wish I had tried this place sooner when I worked at the area.	statement	db
I could not suppress my excitement and wanted to find out what magic has gone into this sandwich.	statement	db
This is probably also the only place in Singapore where you can discover a fair range of Scandinavian chocolate snacks, savoury produce like caviar or coffee.	statement	db
Mediocre sliders, but they're only a buck when the STI is down.	statement	db
One of my fav hangout place when in mood for some fancy burgers.	statement	db
It was almost amusing seeing them frantically trying to make sure the customers didn't run away without paying, and also to re-seat the customers who left stranded.	statement	db
The salad was just okay, I think I can make better salad lol Can't remember what the white sauce on the pasta was but the prawns were really fresh!	statement	db
It was moderately okay, and it did remind me of the copious amounts of pasta I used to eat (and make myself) when I was in the States.	statement	db
My dish came first, and it wasn't until another 10 minutes that the next plate came, and another 10 more for the last dish to arrive (my two friends ordered the exact same dish, I don't know why it had to take them so long in between both).	statement	db
But for the burger, it wasn't quite what we expected.	statement	db
At least that is what we thought.	statement	db
And I do not like their system where they need to hold your credit card (when you are not requesting the drinks to be on tab) just because you want to utilize the happy hour promotion.	statement	db
I don't understand why they need to do that, especially when credit card fraud is so common now.	statement	db
So sorry to the person who got jipped with my burger.	statement	db
It gets incredibly loud in here, what with the loud music and patrons straining to have a conversation over it.	statement	db
This is one of those places where you go because it's there and you need a drink.	statement	db
Still, I'd recommend this to anyone who wants a nice night out with friends and beer!	statement	db
Apart from the fact that it's conveniently located near Butter Factory, making it the ideal pre-drinking spot for those who can afford it, it has a wonderful sea-front view, facing straight into MBS (so obviously you get all the sights around it too).	statement	db
I know their burger comes highly recommended, as do their slides, especially when the market closes below a certain index (then they go for $1!).	statement	db
Even in Singapore where food prices are relatively lower as compared to other developed cities, it is hard to find any other bar which can beat Overeasy.	statement	db
I love Overeasy for its waterfront location and outdoor seating where you can get great views of the bay while basking in the relaxing evening sun.	statement	db
You can see why it's so popular with the afterwork corporate crowd.	statement	db
It's always a happy day when the market closes lower for the day (if you're not a trader) because Overeasy has a slider promotion where you can get these lovely mini burgers at  $1 each.	statement	db
Drinks are a little pricey but the sliders are delicious, and cost $1 when the STI drops.	statement	db
The brussel sprouts here don't taste as bitter or have as much of brussel sprout taste as what you would get in California.	statement	db
Having lived in Asia for a few years, I know that pizza is not one of its strengths which is what might give this place a above average rating.	statement	db
Not sure where all the service-related complaints from my fellow diners are coming from but, by Singapore standards, this really isn't so bad.	statement	db
And this comes form someone who loathes cauliflower.	statement	db
As the Pizzas are made to order only, waiting times can be a little long when they're packed, so expect some downtime after ordering.	statement	db
Extra Virgin pizzas are just what I look for: thin crust, tasty sauce, and quality toppings.	statement	db
For a full review, please visit:   http://urbanjourney.com/food-and-drink/extra-virgin-pizza-asia-square-404  When judging a pizza you have to start with the basics: Pizza Margherita ($16).	statement	db
Picture this: the cheese is hot enough where it's not running off the slice but has the perfect texture, so when you bite it, it follows and does not create a mess.	statement	db
We were torn between two wines and not only did he explain both to us, he also helped us make a choice quickly - by actually suggesting something and not simply saying 'it's up to what you prefer'.	statement	db
It's expensive, but you get what you pay for.	statement	db
One would not miss the tuk tuk vehicle which front the dine in area when passing by the shop.	statement	db
They did not inform us when our order was ready, and when we realized it and went to collect the food, the vibe given was how could we not know the food was waiting.	statement	db
There are other interesting items on the menu, but I hardly vary my order when dining in a Korean Chinese place since I come craving for jajangmyun.	statement	db
Just because a restaurant charges what I call ""Shinji-type"" prices doesn't mean it serves Shinji-level sushi.	statement	db
Once we set down, we saw Head Chef Keisuke Ohno start to assemble a start of what looked like tofu and uni.	statement	db
Oh my, what a starter it was.	statement	db
If you've never tried kama toro before (and actually, I don't think I have) then when you first see it you'll be in for a treat.	statement	db
The marbling of the meat makes it look more like a cut of wagyu than tuna, and when you do bite into it you'll realise how absolutely melt-in-your-mouth the marbling makes it.	statement	db
Flavourful and firm, it was nothing like what I expected as I bit into it.	statement	db
There seems to be a dearth of such places given the popularity of the fare (Singaporeans love spicy food)  We ordered a few appetizers (and pardon me for not knowing the exact name of the dishes) - a crab cake dish that came in round bite-sized portions and another dish of chicken wings which had the visual texture of General Tso's chicken (those from the US will definitely know what I'm talking about).	statement	db
When I mentioned this to my friend who also spent time in the MidWest, his face visibly fell.	statement	db
It just got tougher because I was recently in Phuket, where the bar just kept getting higher!	statement	db
A great place to go when a Thai food craving hits while you're in CBD!	statement	db
Service was prompt and friendly likely due to low occupancy rate when we had our early dinner at 6:30pm.	statement	db
The atmosphere is what was really nice, good music, lots of fans, the weather didn't make me want to commit suicide, and the company was good.	statement	db
It wasn't what I expected because the artichokes looked more like potatoes.	statement	db
To be fair, this is where you enjoy atmosphere from the service and the decor rather than portion of of the food and drinks.	statement	db
Wine and Dine with with Bar Manager Gerardo Callipo, who will come around with his martini trolley.	statement	db
I can't say no to espresso, especially when paired with a salted caramel vodka.	statement	db
Despite it being busy I was pleasantly surprised that we were promptly seated and handed menus and the staff also made sure to keep an eye on us and were there right when we were ready to order.	statement	db
The prices were not that bad though with 19 SGD being on the lower side of what we had paid for our drinks in the past week.	statement	db
A friend of ours who came to help with the sampling opted for a beer as he was not too fond of the sweet flavors clearly dominant on the drinks list.	statement	db
Evidence of this can be seen where the soft duck meat literally falls off the bone and melts in your mouth.	statement	db
What was most curious was that we saw a waiter refill a bottle of what seems to be whiskey behind the counter.	statement	db
and its really helpful where they have valet parking .	statement	db
=== This is perfection ===  I overheard (eavesdropped on) a colleague mentioning where they had lunch today, to another worker in the office.	statement	db
Every heavenly slurp was savoured and when I hit the bottom I could not believe it was over...  And yet, as I sat back, I realised I was satiated.	statement	db
One of the best times to go for walks in Singapore are during the mornings when it's pleasantly cool!	statement	db
I asked the waiter about seeing what they can do to find out if I can watch the football game later.	statement	db
Well, I guess that is what people happen to do, and for Australians this is one of those places in Singapore.	statement	db
Oh, before I forget, the Coopers Pale tasted a little different, not like what I am used to back home, but still, it was cool.	statement	db
Both levels have big, flat screen TV's that are placed strategically so no matter where you are, you can get good views of whatever's going on.	statement	db
Downstairs, there's lots of seating and outside they have small tables where you can congregate with your drinks for happy hour.	statement	db
From what I remember from the times I've eaten here nothing on the menu stood out as being bad - everything was delicious and the staff were very accommodating in changing around a few dishes when we called about menus etc.	statement	db
Nice place, the ambient is quite refined and the cuisine is what I'd describe as ""fusion"" between Chinese and European.	statement	db
The perennial Peking duck ( I still haven't figured out why Cantonese restaurants serve Peking duck) skin is served with pan seared foie gras and caviar, which tastes incredibly rich compared to the watermelon and foie gras at Majestic.	statement	db
To end the meals, lobster noodles was in order and trust me, you will not regret ordering these noodles done to perfection, despite what I imagine to be a pretty hefty price tag.	statement	db
Pizza comes out pretty quick and is in the oven only a couple of minutes - great for those who are patience challenged.	statement	db
For one who usually stay clear of jalapeno, the pizza was not that spicy at all.	statement	db
I also ordered the umeshu with rocks ($9) and was disappointed to see that the waitress only filled up 1/3 of the glass when served.	statement	db
I still haven't figured out why the ladies' bento sets were larger than most other sets.	statement	db
There are also various deep-fried, stir-fried, soup-based whatevers to tickle your fancy, but what you really should do is to smile at the lady-boss (who is married to the Japanese chef) what's in season.	statement	db
The bento sets here are great value for money in general but when I come here I always get the kaisen-don.	statement	db
Whilst trying to complete my form a number of people who are yet to enter the line jump in to complete their forms.	statement	db
""115, who is 115"" the assistant behind the counter shouts.	statement	db
She is mad and tells me what I already know.	statement	db
Act 4 - Scene 1 I will revisit when it is off-peak as I liked the duck.	statement	db
Omnivore pretty much what I like about DC with the kinks mostly ironed out.	statement	db
The line moves fast (possibly because Omnivore is still less known than DC), the assembly line is more organized (one person takes your order and money upfront, yells at the protein guy to cook your protein if its a steak, passes it to the legumes and veg lady, who passes it to the protein cutter who passes it to the packaging/sauce lady), food portions are HUGE (WOOOHOOOO!)	statement	db
Good Mediterranean food in Singapore is as rare as a Graff diamond, so it surprised me when one of my work friends recommended Kazbar for food.	statement	db
Service was frustratingly slow and the food overpriced for what you get...	statement	db
To conclude, I give this place 5-stars for the atmosphere, but more importantly it's the place where I've met so many of my Singaporean based friends, since moving to this country three yrs ago.	statement	db
Tip: If you don't wanna break your bank, try not to go for a dinner here when you're really starving.	statement	db
Come here when you are looking for a place to chill with nice view and serves alcohol.	statement	db
You will have to put an extra effort to hear on what the other person is saying even when he/she is sitting right across you.	statement	db
(2 for 1)  When they don't have a DJ, they have an awesome setlist of old school R&B jams- which I really enjoy as its very hard to get that anywhere else in Singapore and it goes nicely with the funky, urban style setting of the bar.	statement	db
I always roll in after happy hour, when the DJ is letting that beat rock, all the tables are taken, and the crowd is collectively cheering that it's the freakin' weekend.	statement	db
The view from the roof top bar was phenomenal and though service could have been a tad bit better the food downstairs was amazing (and that's coming from someone who really isn't a seafood fan)!	statement	db
A word of advice, be down there when you are feeling ready to spend and order without looking at the price list.	statement	db
I can't really remember what I ordered but I remember wanting to order more and more.	statement	db
Sorry to say this as Kinki has a cool vibe and a nice rooftop where i've taken guests in the past.	statement	db
I attended my friends birthday party at Kinki where she reserved a table for 20 from 6 - 9 PM.	statement	db
I then asked what time the people were coming for their reservation for the tables near the birthday party and were told that she didnt know.	statement	db
I asked the wait staff what time the table was reserved for and he said 10pm.	statement	db
I asked where the bar snacks were being prepared and he answered ""the restaurant downstairs"".	statement	db
They sent another wait-staff who confirmed that it was mozzarella cheese.	statement	db
I'm not big on drinking a lot when eating sushi however they have a bar there which by itself is worth visiting as well.	statement	db
This is what I've learnt when I visited the bar on such a night at 10.30pm.	statement	db
I still don't quite know, but what I do know is that they use a fresh crab claw meat - none of that crab stick rubbish that I absolutely loathe.	statement	db
Most people order to takeaway, leaving ample seats for those who have the luxury of time to sit and enjoy their sandwich.	statement	db
This place is kinda like an up version of Subway, where one line is formed in front of the counter where you choose your bread, then type of meat / filling to go with your sandwich, salad toppings, and dressing.	statement	db
Another reason why its one of my favourite joints to eat at around the CBD area - I've never had to wait or hover around for a table - it seems that this place attracts a greater take-away crowd, so there's always plenty of room for you to sit down for lunch there.	statement	db
I think alot of people who aren't vegetarian would automatically skip past the all veg option - but unless you're a veggie hater, honestly this sandwich will change your mind, I love it!	statement	db
$32  Rhubard with ginger caramel, lingonberry ice cream & roasted white chocolate - now this is mind blowing and this is coming from a person who doesn't really like desserts in general.	statement	db
$15  At least I know now where to get my dessert when the sugar craving strikes once a month.	statement	db
So for those ladies who are sensitive to a strong fan blow like me, a shawl/cardigan is totally recommended.	statement	db
This dish isn't a ""fine dining plate"" where you eat all the components together.	statement	db
No matter what you ate off the plate, if you didn't first scrape off that dastardly gel, all it would be was SOUR.	statement	db
A touch overdone when they seared it after the sous-vide (we're guessing they did a sous vide, the amount of unrended fat and perfect interior was unreal), the bottom and edges of the steak were effectively well done.	statement	db
There were minor slip ups here and there, like offering dessert when we still had a main yet to arrive, putting a wine glass on our table when we hadn't ordered anything yet... but then even though we order the potatoes seconds before our main arrived at the table, it still arrived in time to accompany most of it because the kitchen clearly rushed it for us.	statement	db
The atmosphere is good, the food well executed but the fact portions are tiny and overpriced left me quite underwhelmed with Maggie Joan's  I came here on a Saturday night (after wandering around Amoy street wondering where the place was) with one of my friends - both of us were not very hungry so we thought we could just share some appetizers.	statement	db
Regardless of what the address says, DO NOT try and find it via Amoy Street.	statement	db
Pretty close to Tonkotsu King in taste and presentation, so you kinda know what you're getting here.	statement	db
The restaurant was full -but no line from what I could tell.	statement	db
It was topped with the standard array of wood ear fungus, finely chopped spring onions and strands of pickled ginger, but what caused my disappointment was the broth which appeared bland and diluted.	statement	db
My rash judgement was quickly dispelled when I took in my first spoonful of the broth.	statement	db
Probable more in tune with what people from the UK view as Indian food, the Maharajah loses out in the authenticity stakes among the locals, but don't let that stop you from going.	statement	db
The ""heat"" levels are fine unless you decide to challenge the chef when ordering.	statement	db
Wonderful service, good value for boat Quay, great ambience outdoors with the cool breeze from the river and we liked it so much we had our reception there when we got married.	statement	db
he was the main reason why hinoki had a cult following.	statement	db
and despite the citibank 10% discount, it is still more pricey than when L was here.	statement	db
We were not hungry when we sat down and requested for omakase but only nigiri sushi.	statement	db
I assume it was the best of what they had to offer that day.	statement	db
It's the only place I know in the heart of the business district where you can get great local food past 9pm.	statement	db
The Bee Hoon and the Char Kway Teow are decent, especially late at night when you are trying to find something to hold you over after a night of drinking.	statement	db
If you're coming from the MRT, I would take Exit A/B, go past Chevron House (but away from One Raffles Place) and when you see the CIMB branch, find the staircase, go down, and it will be there.	statement	db
According to one of Miguel's colleagues, he tried their foie gras fried rice and loved it, but it might've been a seasonal dish as it wasn't on the menu and our server didn't seem to know what it was.	statement	db
My pizza was cold when we got it back to the hotel room.	statement	db
they aren't too concerned with you at the door and when you sit down, service is pretty harried (though efficient after you've ordered).	statement	db
Very prompt service, the waitering staff will keep a look out if you need to refill your pot of tea and do not hesitate to change your plates when they deem necessary.	statement	db
The springy texture is just what i look for in a good carrot cake.	statement	db
It's not that they weren't good, the skin was silky but perhaps thicker than what i prefer.	statement	db
Now now, the reason why we went to Mouth Restaurant.	statement	db
There's even a column to differentiate your first and second orders - a knowing nod to Singaporeans who love to gorge themselves on repeat orders like yours truly.	statement	db
We also felt that ""signature award-winning"" dishes were slightly overpriced, but what took the cake was definitely the ""liu sha bao"", or salted egg buns.	statement	db
I ordered the shrimp dumpling noodle soup, not necessarily realizing that what I wanted or needed was comfort food.	statement	db
But comfort food is what I got.	statement	db
I can't comment on the pork or venison or even the rice, but it surely means a lot when a place can get the simple things right.	statement	db
(No problem after spending a week in HK recently) Service is fast (she has 2 assistants) and you head to the side of the restaurant where there are metal chairs and tables aplenty.	statement	db
Those who prefer light soy sauce based wanton mee might not be used to this because it is literally sauce-less.	statement	db
I don't know what is in the sauce (light colored and very minimal) but it sure packed a punch.	statement	db
Instead I have to trek for 15-mins in the heat, and given its popularity, seating is far from guaranteed...So who knows how long a lunch could take...	statement	db
Oh and they only take cash... coming from cashless NZ where you pay card for a 50cent transaction... this is tough for me to remember!	statement	db
That all said though, it's easy to see why there's such a long queue.	statement	db
My main gripe and why I don't come here very often is that their portions are minuscule, even if you pony up for the ""elephant"" size meal (which I think is $12 to start and then additional for toppings).	statement	db
Maybe others do what I always end up doing when I come here, which is get a huge supplementary snack in the afternoon, which ends up defeating the purpose of having had a healthy salad lunch.	statement	db
Perfect for vegetarians who have carnivore friends (there are meat options and the duck was yummy!)	statement	db
The other big plus for me is that the cashier has somehow identified me as a regular and remember what my usual order is (I tend to buy large amounts of honey lemon drinks to go) and she is ever cheerful and helpful, sometimes giving me good recommendation for new drinks I'd like to try.	statement	db
I wouldn't say they use great honey but when you do try to press the lemons farther before drinking, the sourness from the lemon slices and the sweetness from the honey comes to a nice balance.	statement	db
You can go to the bar and check out what beers are left on tap"".	statement	db
But there are days when I crave for pasta, and pasta only, and do not care for main meat dishes.	statement	db
Space not that big, hence not that intimate due to the distance between tables that you could overheard people who are next to you despite the loud noises.	statement	db
Service was excellent, we were served by an Indian waiter who was so friendly, helpful and attentive.	statement	db
Set in a conservation shophouse, the front houses a bar where you can have drinks and there is a good wine list.	statement	db
I think that's what the other reviewers are getting at.	statement	db
$40 for a three course set lunch may seem like a good deal, except when you consider that the food is mediocre.	statement	db
However what I got in the end was a small salad with some mediocre pork belly on top.	statement	db
Underneath the pork and the salad were a lot of unappetizing, deep fried potato cubes (""tater tots"") which made the dish much bigger than what it really was.	statement	db
I had a similar experience a month ago when I ordered salmon spaghetti which was drowning in cream sauce which looked nothing like the photo.	statement	db
Atmosphere is nice when not too busy but when they are busy it's way too noisy inside and hard to have conversation.	statement	db
And when it did, I was first wowed by the crispness of the salmon, but not so much the texture inside.	statement	db
Not such I'd go back within a month of my first visit, but maybe when I've exhausted all my other regular places I'll give it another try.	statement	db
And $14++ isn't exactly what you want to spend on lunch everyday.	statement	db
I imagine the eating experience would be very different at peak hours when you are basically sitting on top of the person next to you.	statement	db
They should know when to stop asking in my opinion or just not be so aggressive with the upsell.	statement	db
Which is why I decreased my review from a 3 to 2 stars.	statement	db
I'll have to update this review when I try other ramen in Singapore.	statement	db
The chef is able to see every customer who walks in and walks out.	statement	db
I always get the pork cheek and shio ramen, but my friend who had the miso was quite disappointed as the miso base doesn't taste much of miso.	statement	db
I'm not a huge fan of ramen but wanted to see what the rave was about.	statement	db
It was great... broth and noodles where perfect and I ate everything.	statement	db
It has to be the best if not why bother.	statement	db
For the rest who prefer a combination of rice and noodles, definitely order their set meals which serve up a generous half portion of ramen and a half portion of rice.	statement	db
I don't remember the exact name of what we ordered, but if I'm not wrong he had a Char Siu Ramen (large) and I had a Shoyu ramen (medium) Please go to my blog (on my profile) to see photos!!)	statement	db
If you're bored you can check out my blog (on my profile) to find out my favorite ramen place ;)  If we're in the area we'll definitely come back when we have a ramen craving :) it's delicious and quite worth the price!	statement	db
i first had santouka when i was in e US - it was love at first slurp.	statement	db
i was thrilled when they opened a branch here.	statement	db
And having had the chance to dine at Ramen Santouka in Harajuku when I was on a holiday, I can attest that the service levels and taste are all exactly the same.	statement	db
But suffice to say that when your luck is good, you'll be eating one of the best bowls of ramen in Singapore.	statement	db
Thank you Yelp for guiding me here and for helping me decide on what to order.	statement	db
Only reason why this place didn't get a 5-star from me was cos its slightly on the pricey side and there was a long queue (so if you're starving think twice about eating here)	statement	db
It has a slight bit of fat on the side, but who cares!	statement	db
super succulent and juicy inside (careful when you bite it!	statement	db
Santouka is consistently touted as one of the best ramen places in Singapore and its popularity was clearly evidenced by the queue that was forming when I went there for dinner.	statement	db
Few ramen places can compare when it comes to the combination of both affordability and taste.	statement	db
I am a ramen lover, and for a decent bowl outside of Japan, this place is my normal go-to when those cravings become unbearable.	statement	db
Being a Shio Ramen fan, I'll be honest in having no idea what the other items are like.	statement	db
My only complain: The portions could be bigger, sorry hungry... what to do :P	statement	db
A good serving of cockles for those who like it.	statement	db
Eat it when it's hot, that's the best flavor!	statement	db
I am totally addicted to char kway teow and eat as much of it as I can when I'm Singapore or Malaysia, so I was pretty excited that I could get some of the good stuff as early as 6am.	statement	db
But, my first and, so far, only encounter with this dish wasn't that bad; I expected as much given the line that snaked through the food court when we arrived.	statement	db
A thick sauce coated the noodles, making everything the same color so I couldn't tell what yummy little bits were contained in my chopstick-full of noodles.	statement	db
but somehow, army food just makes you crave what you cant get inside.	statement	db
they will deliver to your table even though it says self-service, i guess only when they arent busy.	statement	db
The old chef is a master at what he does, and he cooks it non-stop till the crowds begin to dissipate near the end of lunch hour before taking a break and closing.	statement	db
The cook had just finished the last batch when I arrived, so I got to watch him work, and he is a master at it.	statement	db
& I've just returned from Taipei where I tried the original Din Tai Fung.	statement	db
The line was not long when I was there but there was a constant flow of people going here and for the price it would be a place I could consider returning to.	statement	db
The skin was tender but strong enough to keep all the fillings in without breaking when I picked up the XLBs with my chopsticks.	statement	db
So when people keep saying that Din Tai Feng is the ONLY to-go spot for GOOD dumplings...bile begins to form in my mouth.	statement	db
I went at lunch and my 20 XLBs came from the chiller and the dough was a bit dry and chewy compared to the ones I've had during dinner where it goes straight to the steamer freshly made.	statement	db
These and the pot stickers (guo tie) seemed to be the most popular ones when we were waiting for our orders.	statement	db
The hawkers are really friendly and never turn anyone away when they are trying to close.	statement	db
Mine were premade as they were not busy when I stopped by so they already had some waiting but they did taste very fresh.	statement	db
I don't care what anyone else says, this is THE beef noodle for me.	statement	db
Had the dry version with sliced beef which is not what they had in the 1960s.	statement	db
I think when it's super sunny it won't be as nice to sit in the atrium.	statement	db
I love the smell in the lobby, so much so that I actually asked the staff what scent they use and it's a custom blend of 5 flowers.	statement	db
Waiters/waitresses have a lot knowledge about what they are serving.	statement	db
not sure what we were entitled to as our voucher merely mentioned high tea set and not all you can eat.	statement	db
This is a first class Cantonese gourmet restaurant, and I'm glad we came with people who knew exactly what to order.	statement	db
It was obvious looking around that the restaurant catered to the local gourmet clientele, but I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who would like to experience truly fine Cantonese food.	statement	db
Well, Luca Turin describes a certain type of perfume masterpiece as what happens when you blend two ingredients at such a ratio that they become, together a different scent and you cannot separate them anymore.	statement	db
This is what happens with this dumpling.	statement	db
I can't tell what goes in it, because it blends together really well and becomes something more than the sum of its parts.	statement	db
Century Egg Porridge is a must order for me when eating dim sum.	statement	db
Well it started with the staff being rather pushy when i was ordering our first round of dim sum.	statement	db
Firstly, we were waiting for S who was parking so i didn't want to order everything at one go.	statement	db
The screw up was when they absolutely messed up our second order which took forever to come.	statement	db
Another 10 mins later when we checked with them again, we found out that they forgot our order (which they didn't tell us directly but we saw and overheard the commotion).	statement	db
If you're looking for decent dimsum with a view, it's ok. Well on the service end, it really depends, no matter where you go.	statement	db
Peach Garden is the default business lunch venue if one can't be bothered to think of where to go.	statement	db
I also have to admit that when I first tasted the sliced fish on Monday, I found it a bit too rubbery, actually.	statement	db
There are elements of what i normally refrain from going near (i.e.	statement	db
Not have I eaten it on the regular when I lived in the US, but I've also eaten it at the origin: the Amazon Rainforest.	statement	db
With this, I will say, Absolute Acai delivers on what I expect out of an acai bowl.	statement	db
I got the large Signature Bowl (because go big or go home) for $15.50 SGD, which might seems pricey until you realize, this would be quite a steal in NY considering what you get as toppings (bananas, strawberries, kiwis, blueberries, honey-coated granola, pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds, coconut flakes, goji berries, cacao nibs, chia seeds, and bee pollen).	statement	db
As someone who has made her own acai bowls on a regular basis, I will tell you, IT IS NOT CHEAP getting these ingredients.	statement	db
Was curious as to what these green-coloured concoctions, resemblance of a rice salad that everyone eats in one of the aisles of Lau Pa Sat.	statement	db
Even the fish ball soup stall holder who doesn't speak proper english says hello and smiles at me!!	statement	db
In a street where new food establishments seem to pop up every week it is nice to find a place that does not follow the trend of being hip for the sake being hip and not being a Korean BBQ restaurant.	statement	db
If you don't know what to order, just approach the chef for his recommendation on what's freshest.	statement	db
When I moved to Singapore I started what sometimes felt like an everlasting search for good Mexican.	statement	db
Reading their menu filled my heart with joy and excitement and I was even happier when I took my first bite of the Lobster tostadas.	statement	db
Finally a place which understands what I mean by Mexican food!	statement	db
I also tried two different cocktails who were good as well: yay for a margarita which is not pure sugar syrup!	statement	db
I find it not cheap when comparing to Mexican food in the US but for Singapore standards I find it reasonable for what you get, especially considering the location.	statement	db
And I don't even say if you want a nice fancy Mexican dinner, because the music was too loud both from the restaurant itself and the Esplanade concert hall on the other end of the bay (we could feel the bass from where we were).	statement	db
Ambience - 2 stars This is what we were most disappointed by, given that I figured half of what I'm paying for is going towards their rental cost.	statement	db
It's one of the main things I miss about living in Texas, so when I discovered Super Loco it definitely was a happy day.	statement	db
If you are seated outside, as we were, it can be difficult to get the attention of staff who usually stay inside.	statement	db
Their stools have a panel underneath where you can place your bags, rather awkward and ended up leaving my bag on my lap.	statement	db
Perhaps I'm used to the U.S. portions, when served I was thinking what a small bowl for the price.	statement	db
Price wise this is where it wins out, despite being in one of the busiest areas right next to the financial district it still manages to keep things reasonable.	statement	db
Super friendly staff, they remember your name and what kind of beer you usually order!	statement	db
I haven't been visiting the Far East Square, Chinese Square area for some time and was surprised to see a booming F&B scene when i dropped by during one weeknight.	statement	db
Perhaps that's why the Mad Poet has been neglected.	statement	db
Could feel the spiciness through my nose.. Definitely not recommended for the ang moha who can't take spicy.	statement	db
I personally have to be in the mood for Nandos but when I have it, it's decent.	statement	db
It's never too crowded so I'm not sure what the problem is.	statement	db
If you ever go here bring your own water bottle, you'll regret it if you don't because the chicken can be spicy and the staff here never refill water glasses, even when you ask for a water refill specifically.	statement	db
But for me, I think they chicken does not taste particularly outstanding, and the sauces on the table actually tastes better and are more flavorful than what is used to marinate the chicken.	statement	db
The chickens do seem a bit smaller here compared with what you get in the states but that to me is comforting and makes me wonder what they are giving the chickens in the US to make them grow so big.	statement	db
(11.30 to 1.30) to avoid long queues and frustration when finding seats.	statement	db
For S$5.50 you can get a big bowl of salad (from any of the 4 - 5 salad shops operating there) when the same bowl of greens can easily cost you 15 or more in the fancy cafes around telok ayer and raffles place.	statement	db
If what you crave is Japanese, Thai or Korea they have it too!	statement	db
So, imagine what 4 or 5 bucks can get you.	statement	db
It was less than what it looked.	statement	db
This is a good option to dine here when other places are packed as they are very fast in serving the food.	statement	db
Like what other Yelpers mentioned, the buzzer would beep once you sat your butt down on a chair.	statement	db
Somehow I did not have an ""at least 3-star"" experience when I dined here.	statement	db
$6.80 for what looked like a somewhat small portion of noodles, seemed to be a bit on the high side.	statement	db
Price wise, I'd have to say its reasonable compared to what I paid in Japan.	statement	db
Food wise it was okay, we ordered a few appetizers, the pineapple rice and the panang curry... the pineapple rice seemed to be big order in the menu's picture but when received it it was inside a small pineapple.	statement	db
We were under the impression that for 22 SGD we would be able to split the pineapple rice between all four of us but this was not the case, so food price at this restaurant could be considered expensive for what it is ($$$).	statement	db
I'm taking another star off from this review due to the poor service, the servers here were not really attentive to all four of us and we felt sometimes ignored when they would walk past by and we would ask for their attention.	statement	db
Cue high fives for the amazing decision when my bowl was delivered.	statement	db
Ridiculous for pho, especially in a place where you can far superior yet similar hawker food for less than half that.	statement	db
That's what it was called but it was just an ice coffee drink as far as I could tell.	statement	db
Oh wait, that would be in Vietnam (from what I hear).	statement	db
In general, would go back when I have a pho craving.	statement	db
I don't remember what it was called on the menu, but it was essentially a vegetable omelet.	statement	db
There had already been a line when I passed earlier, and there still was one when we arrived.	statement	db
A time when Singapore was more simple and less of a global smart city (which I think is pretty damn great fyi).	statement	db
It was refiled once, but when I actually needed more soup, none was given - no good.	statement	db
I would avoid this branch where the prices are more than usual and head for another instead.	statement	db
I always feel like I am in the live version of it when eating here.	statement	db
To shorten any potential time wasting, diners are expected to pay when the food arrive, just like in some coffee shops and hawker centers.	statement	db
I will only come here when I want sliced fish in bkt broth or if I am in the area.	statement	db
If you don't want miscellaneous charges, you just return the wet naps when you pay and they take it off your final bill.	statement	db
Once the food arrives, you pay before you eat so you can bounce out when you're done.	statement	db
So who woulda thought the simple clear soup mom has been making for the last 40 years was a close version of the Bak Kut Teh... Now that I've came, saw, and experienced, I know how to glam up mom's brew!	statement	db
Food is served in 5 minutes or less and you pay when the food is served - no need to chase done the waitstaff to pay after your meal.	statement	db
Furthermore this is one of the few places I've found in Singapore where it's easy to eat low-carb/slow-carb, just go sans rice!	statement	db
I must be the rare ones who doesn't like gnawing on ribs, so I do appreciate on a good soup.	statement	db
I used to frequent the place in 2012 when I was a student, great place to catch up	statement	db
Song Fa is what Singaporean BKT tastes like to me - mild and peppery.	statement	db
I know there are people who swear by it but for the others out there, you are not alone.	statement	db
Perhaps you are just like me who prefer the stronger tasting Malay style BKT.	statement	db
This Clarke Quay location always has a queue, but when we visited over the weekend it wasn't too bad.	statement	db
For me, a lot of bak kut teh places fall flat when it comes to the quality of the pork meat.	statement	db
In my opinion, this is where they're better than Founder's.	statement	db
But overall, I understand why people flock here.	statement	db
The restaurant was full of locals, who had spent hours in line to pay their last respects to Mr. Lee who lay temporarily at Parliament, less than km away.	statement	db
Bak kut teh was something that was on my must-eat list when visiting Singapore.	statement	db
They even have a sign out front where they update how long the wait is for a table.	statement	db
The tables along the walls have their own sinks and heated tea pots for those who want hot tea.	statement	db
mMm...it's simple, yet complexly delicious...and who can resist unlimited broth refills (yes, unlimited!)	statement	db
Granted, when I was in SIN, it was super crazy hot and hard to put down hot liquids in my system, but I can only imagine how much more delicious this ""meat bone tea"" would taste during the cold winter months.	statement	db
Keep in mind that Song Fa does get pretty crowded, no matter what time of the day and you are often asked to share a table if you come alone.	statement	db
So finally one day, when the queue was not that long, and when you go on your own its usually not that hard to get a table for one, I got myself a seat and ordered.	statement	db
My reply : Yes, Malaysia has different types of BKT - for example Klang BKT which is more gravy that soup and oh-so-flavourful - I am from KK, where BKT is very much like those found here, but tastes sooooooooo much better.	statement	db
So I was disappointed and wonder still why the reviews are so good.	statement	db
Service is quick, food comes in 5 mins max, even when the house if full.	statement	db
Others had a slightly dry texture even when rehydrated in the soup.	statement	db
Service here is pretty fast, and you pay on the spot when food is served.	statement	db
Anyways, given that I was new to the entire thing, I had my Singaporean friends make recommendations on what to order.	statement	db
I didn't actually know what trotter was, and when I found out that trotter = feet, I was like.. oh that's obvious.	statement	db
The ribs themselves are very soft and tender, bit lightly flavored as a lot of the flavor has gone into the soup, but it was very good and what I expected.	statement	db
Slightly on the pricey end when it comes to BKT but the food meets the expectation.	statement	db
And when they heard that we are sharing, they actually served the dishes with 4 proper portions.	statement	db
The oysters and spinach were just what they should have been, though we wouldn't order either on a second visit.	statement	db
Its off of Club Street to give you an idea of where it is.	statement	db
The cake was served when we asked for the bill.	statement	db
During dinner, I'd recommend the Lobster Pot Pie to anyone who likes lobster, or pot pies.	statement	db
As someone who thinks that $450 a head at Shinji is worth it if you go every 6-9 months, and that $300 for dinner at Andre is, by comparison, a steal, it should say a lot that I think Luke's is prohibitively expensive.	statement	db
It's an a la carte experience that can come out to more than $100 a head, depending on what you order, and while the portions aren't stingy, they aren't overwhelming.	statement	db
I'm regularly bewildered then, that Luke's is always so full that can't take reservations even when I'm calling a week in advance.	statement	db
Location and music is good; once you walk in the place you feel transported to Boston (for those of you who have been, it's like a mini Eastern Standard - one of my all-time favs).	statement	db
The bad:  I get what they are trying to accomplish, but it could be more friendly to a wider array of patrons.	statement	db
What I mean is that sometimes when I go dressed casually I get looks, and sometimes I don't.	statement	db
We made reservations a few days ahead of time,and when we arrived we were shown three crappy two seater tables right next to the front door.	statement	db
other than the late hours and convenient location in CBD, it's no where like north america's Wendy's lol, so no high expectations here.	statement	db
(Many others who showed up apparently did not do any reservations as well and managed to get a table like how we did)  Get the Crustacean Bowl - you have 2 option of serving sizes ""appetizer"" or ""main"".	statement	db
Then when the second one arrived, we again asked what kind and this time he glared at it for a hard twenty seconds and said ""modern"".	statement	db
When we dared protest that this was a different roll than the first, he dogmatically replied, ""OK, that first one was traditional and the new one is modern, that's what I told you before""... Of course, by this point, the first roll was already half eaten...	statement	db
Lobster rolls don't require waiter service, especially when the service standard is this lackluster	statement	db
They just moved here from Beach Road where they had been located for years.	statement	db
Cold dish - prawn roll (good), liver roll (good) and jellyfish (better than most and even better than some of them served at good class restaurants)  Suckling pig - has always been good until today; was tasteless although texture is good; missing something but I can't figure out what it is  Mustard vegetables with soup base - good  Yellow chives with prawns - very fresh prawns, good  Oyster pancake - oysters are yummy, texture is good but I just don't like the starch although there is very little  Radish (vegetable) flat rice noodles - not bad but not as good as before and a little oily  Water chestnut pancake - not bad but not my favourite (a bit like muah chee but not as nice)  Yam Paste - good, smooth, not too sweet  They have icing coated Yam and crispy noodles (with vinegar or glucose powder) - didn't have this today but I prefer these to the water chestnut pancake	statement	db
We both enjoyed what we had ordered.	statement	db
So when that server pass by I asked if she's okay.	statement	db
We went to pay and usually they have a fee for those who does not have a reservation, but they waved it for us!!	statement	db
The local audience being business people having meetings they do not care that much about what they are drinking - this isn't Tiong Bahru...	statement	db
The restaurant is in an odd location and its ambiance is not exactly what you'd expect from a ""fine dining"" restaurant.	statement	db
and when you sink that first bite you will struggle to swallow the obviously bony fillet of eel.	statement	db
I feel that somehow the food here is lacking in quality compared to the other outlets I've tried, perhaps they prepare the meals a bit too fast as they know people who dine here are rushed for time vis-a-vis those outlets where people mainly go for dinner.	statement	db
I find these do change frequently, so it depend on what is available that day.	statement	db
It's located in one of the many food alleyways of Raffles Place and can seem dodgy when walking in, but as soon as you see the teal blue circle exclaiming ""Good Food Heals"", you've found it.	statement	db
It also doesn't help when servers give the impression that they are not happy to work there.	statement	db
Jumping straight to desserts, What forged a deeper impression was the Deep-fried Yam coated with Soya Bean Crisps () $18.	statement	db
First, Sichuan Douhua has a tea dude who walks around with a kettle and a long spout, to pour tea in your cup in the most over the top way.	statement	db
I've also had the sliced fish in hot peppers, which an authentic Sichuan dish though no where nearly as spicy as the ones I've had in Sichuan or Chongqing.	statement	db
Proper Sichuan food can be a bit daunting to a gweilo like me  for a start, knowing what to order, and secondly, dealing with the face-numbing power of Sichuan pepper.	statement	db
Highly memorable was the tea master who walks around and pours tea using a long sprout, from almost 3 feet away.	statement	db
We were highly entertained all night watching him and we would come back in a heartbeat next when we visit!	statement	db
definitely recommend coming here earlier rather than later though cuz the line moves slow - plates are prepared made to order so you know that its fresh but also, there's no limit on what you can order so the person in front of you could be ordering for his family of 10 for all you know haha...plus they only cook a certain amount of chickens for the day so once they're out, they're out.	statement	db
As you may know, it's the cheapest Michelin star awarded restaurant...let's be honest: The chicken is veeery good.. but at the end is still chicken with rice or noodles so I consider that if you have a 1 hour queue it's really not worth it, you can find moments when you have a 15 minute queue which makes the experience more enjoyable.	statement	db
I really liked how their soya sauce was really dark and flavorful especially when they added it to the rice.	statement	db
I was still excited but was not thinking ""wow"" when I took each bite.	statement	db
They have someone regulating the line but the problem is that there are a few people who cut...as in people who are local who probably struck a deal with the owner and they take like 30 chickens to go or something for delivery.	statement	db
The juice stall next door looked amazing but wasn't open when we were there :( check out some of the other stalls while you wait with a friend!	statement	db
Let's be honest, most 1 star michelin rated places are just ""ok."" It's a good place to start when you are researching where to eat but it doesn't guarantee satisfation.	statement	db
Singapore hawkers know what they are doing.	statement	db
$3.68USD  What you see: The look of people walking up to the line as it progresses around multiple bends is worth walking by even if you don't stop.	statement	db
After hearing about two hawker stalls getting Michelin stars, I knew I had to give them both a try when passing through Singapore for a couple of days.	statement	db
Soy Sauce Chicken or ""See Yao Gai"" made regular appearances at our family dinner table when I was growing up.	statement	db
So much that I dreaded it when I saw it on the table.	statement	db
Maybe that's why I have a preference for breast meat.	statement	db
When the gai lan is bomb, you know the place is legit when it is not their specialty!	statement	db
You get what you pay for!	statement	db
I got lucky because I stood in line for an hour (showed up around 2:45 PM) and realized I only have $2 in my pocket so I ordered what I wanted - Soya Chicken Rice.	statement	db
I spoke with a local behind me who has been coming to this stall since way before the Michelin Star hype and he was telling me how much he loves most items on the menu.	statement	db
If you can figure out a time when its less crowded let me know!	statement	db
When in Singapore I often follow the simple rule that things are good where there is a long line and by that definition this place should be awesome.	statement	db
The prices are good (4.50 SGD for both dishes together) but the quality is just what one can expect at this price.	statement	db
For 2.50 a plate, I can understand why the queue is so long	statement	db
Ha ha it is like ""precision engineering""... perfect control....  That is why I believe though this chicken dish is simple, and unsophisticated, but if you have tried the other stalls selling the same dish you will realize the difference and you will start to appreciate the soya sauce chicken in this stall.	statement	db
The chicken leg and noodle is where it's at.	statement	db
We went here on my colleague's recommendation and he swore up and down that this restaurant was good when he tried it previously, and of course, there are some good reviews for this restaurant.	statement	db
But when we went here for lunch, honestly the food sucked.	statement	db
Another recommendation by a friend who returned from a semester in Korea and thought this place serves good Korea cuisine.	statement	db
The reason why we ended up in this restaurant is because they stated that there is a 30% discount for standard chartered card member.	statement	db
But when we were about to pay our bill, the manager actually told us that we are not entitled to the discount.	statement	db
The owner is a friendly and bustling uncle who often serves up additional free side dishes to patrons to keep them happy and coming back - smart move!	statement	db
If you're feeling too stuffed from the meal, you can always order this for take away and re-heat it using the office microwave when feeling peckish during the afternoon.	statement	db
If this is what Argentina is like, my next vacation is going to be in Buenos Aires.	statement	db
They have an open kitchen concept where you can see the chefs at work.	statement	db
The reason why this place is not getting at least 4 stars is due to the service.	statement	db
While the waiters did attend to us relatively promptly, they were insistent on us sitting in the restaurant for a minimum of an hour and a half for dinner when I was booking a table.	statement	db
In addition, when my friend was late for the booking, they were slightly abrasive when asking me when my friend was going to arrive and whether the chef could begin cooking.	statement	db
The rotisserie is my go to spot for a quick and hearty take away lunch when I don't want to brave the crowds of Raffles Place looking for a place to sit or if I want to eat at my desk.	statement	db
I have not heard of her name till last week when I was introduced to this elegant Italian restaurant and bar by Beppe De Vito.	statement	db
Besides dipping the warm buns into balsamic vinegar oil, what I like best was these 2 soft sponge starters that contains cheese in them!	statement	db
Though I'm someone who enjoys the freshness of consuming cod fish, the style of its preparation was not to my liking  Amazing ending to the meal with a good dessert that kind of act as a palate cleanser to the seafood dish earlier on.	statement	db
Overall the food was great although I felt that the restaurant week set meal had not showcased the best of what the restaurant can offer.	statement	db
The staffs were knowledgeable, even for the young looking one when we asked him about the ingredients in the dish.	statement	db
The only exception was that the place was quite noisy when the restaurant was packed.	statement	db
Jumbo is still my go-to restaurant for friends and family who are first-time visitors looking to try chili crab.	statement	db
Get your ""That's what she said"" line ready because let me tell you: the Sri Lankan crabs they serve are HUGE.	statement	db
If you're dining with guests who don't live in Asia, it's even better; it's a great way to introduce delicious Asian fruits like jackfruit, durian, and mangosteen, produce that can be difficult to find outside Asia.	statement	db
The only problem here was the shell of the crab was very thick/heavy compared to what I get at Jumbo ... since these crabs are priced by weight, I felt like I paid a lot more just for a crab with thicker shells but the same amount of meat as in Jumbo.	statement	db
Overall the experience was well below what you would expect at a higher end place and of course there is no view from inside the restaurant (where there is minimal though insufficient A/C).	statement	db
I'm not sure what that is but it came with a mound of briyani rice with a chicken drumstick hidden inside.	statement	db
They have something similar to sushi places, where you get a pen and paper and mark down your choices of food to order.	statement	db
The bone marrow came on perfectly toasted sourdough bread, mixed in with anchovies and celeriac, all chopped up so you can't tell what you're eating but it all goes delightfully together.	statement	db
It's a good restaurant that makes you stop and think about what you're eating, and appreciate the care that the chef took in creating the food.	statement	db
Apparently this is where chefs go for their grub.	statement	db
I don't know WHAT was going on this past Monday, but the service was wayy too slow.	statement	db
Perhaps because I had high expectation, but then again, I don't think I would have been too impressed if I were a first time visitor that night, who didn't have any expectation.	statement	db
After deciding on what to order, a waitress waiting patiently near the kitchen took the order and within 15min the food was already arriving( Pork scratchings with beef tartare- highly recommend).	statement	db
I would say those who are fond of authentic hawker fare would find this place overpriced.	statement	db
It's definitely a good choice for those who have the budget and the time to wait (*the seatings are not abundant.	statement	db
They were really understaffed and I ended up getting my own cutlery even when I had asked for cutlery 3 times.	statement	db
Trust me a must try when you are in the area!	statement	db
The staff was kind to swap the iced tea (pre-made sweetened) with unsweetened sparkling water when I asked for a sugarless drink (water would be fine with me too).	statement	db
And like what Melissa Y wrote, the decor is almost like a carbon copy of Stateland Cafe.	statement	db
Truffle Fries $9.90 You could smell the truffle all the way from the entrance of the shop when they were making this.	statement	db
The fries where thin, crip cut fries and they smelt so good!	statement	db
It was nothing more than condensed milk on shaved ice, that hat frosted corn flakes, and what looks like red ruby with hardly any chestnut inside.	statement	db
So I immediately jumped in the line, not even knowing what kind of food they offer.	statement	db
I can see why some people love their congee for the smooth texture, but I personally find it is too smooth to be considered porridge - more like blended rice soup.	statement	db
They don't heat up individual serving of porridge when customers place their orders, which is a no-no for me too.	statement	db
Porridge ends up being lukewarm when served with a raw egg.	statement	db
In theory, porridge is supposed to be piping hot and the egg will be cooked instantaneously when added to the porridge.	statement	db
Little else is noticed when partaking in this delight.	statement	db
Now I've got to start planning when I'm going back.	statement	db
They have a vat of porridge cooking in the back of the stall, then each order is individually cooked with what you want added (thousand year egg, chicken, fish).	statement	db
We went to Maxwell Food Centre early in the morning around 10:30 when most stalls are still closed.	statement	db
And therein may also lie the reason as to why I am a staunch 4-star fan - being Teochew, my ideal porridge has got to have fluffy bits of rice grains still intact so this doesn't quite cut it for me.	statement	db
You can take your time and read the menu, and I've seen quite a few people (myself included) taking pictures so you can remember what they have for next time.	statement	db
When you order at the register, you give them your name and they'll holler for you when your order is ready.	statement	db
My favorites so far are the ""Cow King"" and the ""Bird,"" and what I really love about this place is that you can choose whatever type of bagel you want for the bagelwiches.	statement	db
As a New Yorker who is unashamedly picky about bagels and sandwiches, two men bagel house is one of my favorite places to go to.	statement	db
It did taste different from what I am used to, and was a bit too thick and fatty for my personal taste, but the greens and the relish and the sauce.. very nice.	statement	db
Later on I was curious whether roast beef in S'pore is different from what I am used to and went on their Facebook page: there was a photo that showed the Rodeo with pinkish roast beef.	statement	db
So, I don't know what piece of meat I had today but it surely (unfortunately I forgot to take a photo..) wasn't the standard.	statement	db
Try it out and you can see what I mean.	statement	db
Will definitely come back again when I have my carb cravings!	statement	db
It is popular and was packed when I went there.	statement	db
I was going to keep going when a guy was like HEY!	statement	db
I asked him what the most popular bagel situation was and he told me two, one was the Rodeo.	statement	db
Such a wide variety of fillings and 'schmears' and the lemonade is really refreshing when you're hot and sweaty.	statement	db
Sometimes places charge a lot for salmon and what not and then give you a meager portion... NOT HERE!!	statement	db
All in all, if you are craving deli style, New York or Brick Lane beigels, this is where you should go.	statement	db
as I cooked my organic sausages from Ryan's when he said, ""I brought bagels"".	statement	db
REALLY good bagels and fun, friendly guys who are obviously passionate about what they do and dedicated to their work.	statement	db
But was not opened when we reach at 645pm.	statement	db
They went out of 'rye' bagels and i decided to go for the caramelized onion flavour (i think thats what its called), not knowing what to expect.	statement	db
The explosion of moist flavor from the bagels was really something i was not expecting, since what i ordered was actually quite dry.	statement	db
They say hi when I walk by.	statement	db
My first counter with Two Men Bagel House was during a Yelp event that my friend brought me to (also the event where I downloaded the app and joined the community) where there were coffee and bagels!	statement	db
My office recently moved to somewhere near Icon where TMBH is located, in fact, we're practically across-the-road neighbors now!	statement	db
It was around lunch time and there were many other brave knights who had braved the CBD heat to Icon and were waiting be around for their orders.	statement	db
this place has got style, flavor fusion and makes me so happen when i get one of these.	statement	db
I always had some cravings when I came back to Asia.	statement	db
Will definitely come back visiting when I come to Singapore :)	statement	db
It doesn't hurt that this place is two minutes away from where I live.	statement	db
The guys who work there are really nice too can't beat a bagel coffee and genuine exchange all before 10am.	statement	db
That's why our morning was spent roaming around Hong Lim Food Center.	statement	db
HL didn't really stand out to me as a tourist, when I went to hawker fares.	statement	db
And shoutout to the REAL MVP's of the food centre...the old ladies and men who wear bright green/orange and pick up after your dirty tables!	statement	db
They're the ones who are tirelessly working hard to clean tables so the next round of customers can have a place to eat.	statement	db
Anyway, my first discovery when I steps out of the MRT station was your standard shopping mall with standard shopping mall cafes, however when I walked outside I suddenly found myself in this place - my first experience of a Singapore Hawker's Market.	statement	db
Here are some of the recommendations that you can check out when you are here.	statement	db
What I Love: What I ordered was pretty okay - the food was tasty, the service was very personable, and the staff was great.	statement	db
Stellar is not so stellar at fine, envelope-pushing-dining but unfortunately that's exactly what it's trying to do.	statement	db
It's what they do to encourage you back.	statement	db
We went with tapas- let's be honest when given the choice why would you not, and loved EVERYTHING.	statement	db
Minus half a star for not having the foie gras slider when we visited last Friday.	statement	db
You gotta try this when you visit.	statement	db
Minus another half a star for the pain of having to reserve on the phone with the missus who have hearing problem and make a fuss about replying ""confirmed"" by 3pm the next day and endless reminders that we have to leave by certain timing.	statement	db
Great for a fun night out when you're in the mood to splurge a little.	statement	db
A mouthful to say, but when that mouthful's in your mouth, it's damn shiok.	statement	db
My only constructive feedback was that it was slightly warm where we were sitting.	statement	db
I asked my friend Ning when she would be free to celebrate her mid November bday..and she said let's do dinner this Thursday.	statement	db
Just nice for sharing..(I was thinking OK..maybe we look very hungry) and later when I realised it was a ribeye steak portion PHEW I told him about the intiial misunderstanding and we had a good laugh about it.	statement	db
He then prepared 3 pieces of scallops topped with their soy ""caviar"" (tapioca sago) so we could have 1 each when the standard serving is 2.	statement	db
If food was reason alone for granting autonomy, I say why not!	statement	db
I checked on the waiter and realized the kitchen had forgotten our grilled octopus and the egg with pork belly and truffle special...while the clock was ticking on when we had to vacate our seats because of the two cover policy and because I had a show to catch at the Art House.	statement	db
You never know who you might meet.	statement	db
I can't name many occasions when pork has melted in my mouth!	statement	db
They impressed me when I walked in the door, the hostess squeezing me in on the spot despite no real opening for quite awhile.	statement	db
I'll admit that when I first saw a picture I thought it a bit contrived and scoffed at the notion, but decided to try it anyway.	statement	db
What I had: Pork Tacos: When they first arrived, I was surprised at how small they were, but as soon as I took the first bite, I no longer wished for anything bigger.	statement	db
Smells Like Gin Spirit: I was hoping for a nice refreshing cocktail and that's exactly what I got.	statement	db
This is where spa aired come to eat so.... That's all said try chaparillo.	statement	db
So the only time I've eaten at FOC is for a work dinner, when the entire office got off work early, just so we could eat here.	statement	db
It's interesting to see what passes for tapas in Singapore, but FOC really nails it down with some excellent selection of very unique plates as well as the classics.	statement	db
We actually just left the ordering to our server who planned the following dishes: Jamon Iberico, Scallops with soy caviar and bonito stock, beef cheek sliders, and slow cooked octopus.	statement	db
Usually I sit at the bar and let the boss decide what he is going to serve me as so far - he never disappointed.	statement	db
Last but not least - I went there once with a colleague who is vegetarian - and even for him there was a lot of choice and he really enjoyed the food too.	statement	db
Alas, my first experience at Din Tai Fung, where they supposedly serve the best xiao long bao in the world!	statement	db
I had the original when i was in Taiwan (wasn't on yelp yet then) and this tastes exactly the same!!	statement	db
I highly approved of  their efficient ""take a number"" system, where they assign you a number and give you a menu to fill out while you wait.	statement	db
The Xiao Long Bao was good but I think the praise it has received is way beyond what it's worth.	statement	db
We only had to wait about 15 minutes but during that time we had a order sheet and a menu so we could get a jump start on what we wanted to nosh on.	statement	db
This is very unlike us in terms of how we normally travel, but this is where Din Tai Fung comes in.	statement	db
As with everything else in Singapore, the queue was orderly and the complete opposite of what goes on Stateside.	statement	db
Once seated though, the food was more than well worth the wait (also helps that you can select what you want to eat ahead of time while waiting).	statement	db
Ordering what I typically get in the US (pork xiao long bao & shrimp shumai) was a good starting point to compare - consistently great.	statement	db
What I do know is that a lot of the dishes on our table were dirty so we had to ask the staff to please give us clean ones... And for someone who is pretty much a germaphobe... That, alone, makes me not want to come here again.	statement	db
Make sure you check what you want at the menu outside before you order since they take your order immediately.	statement	db
Near Sears where the Rain Forest Cafe used to be -----  I can't wait!!!!!	statement	db
I love all Din Tai Fung no matter where they are... this one is extra great because they have a wine list.	statement	db
Wrong Side of the Bed ($18) is what i'd call a dirty espresso, shaken up with Vodka, Kahlua and Baileys.	statement	db
Happy Hour at The Royal Mail Bar is from 5pm to 8pm, where all specialty cocktails go for $10 each, and 1-for-1 House Pour (Gentlemen's Pour 45ml) go for $15.	statement	db
I ordered the set menu which was advertising a rib eye as the main, my dish came out exactly the same as someone who ordered the Roast Prime Rib.	statement	db
We also very much enjoyed the Momotaro and Aged Parmesan Tart, where the tomato provided a good meaty flavour that satisfied even this most devoted carnivore.	statement	db
The food comes super fast when you're eating in, and of course seems to take longer when you're waiting for it as a take-away!	statement	db
Its not the most relaxing ambiance, but I very much doubt people seek this place out for the amazing setting - the food makes it worth it and the restaurant itself is big enough where you can feel a bit removed if you don't sit right by the window.	statement	db
Xian long boa - freshly made dumplings from pork to veggie fillings these are definitely must have when you are in singapore.	statement	db
Though, now I think I know what I need to know to at least write a review.	statement	db
), I usually go for the lamian (noodles) or fried rice when I am at DTF alone or not with a large group of friends.	statement	db
I'm generally a happy man when I get fragrant fried rice with succulent prawns.	statement	db
Partially, because you can never get enough of what may be the best Xiao Long Bao dumplings in the world -- but also as a fan I wanted to compare to the Taiwan and L.A. versions.	statement	db
My friend who lives here was also shocked, so I guess there could be room for improvement.	statement	db
Wow, what a big different in between DTF at So.Cal and DTF Singapore.	statement	db
Mouth watering when I try to remember how I bite the xiao long bao open and have a sneak peek inside, trying to not drop the xiao long bao while admire it.	statement	db
Wait seems to depend on when you go.	statement	db
The bill wasn't cheap for dim sum, but you get what you pay for!	statement	db
Contrast this to Tampines Mall or Wisma where you have to wait at least a good 30 minutes before being ushered during dinner peak hours.	statement	db
The duck aroma immediately fills your mouth the moment you pop each piece in, and it goes down really well when paired with fried rice.	statement	db
The system is a little confusing for those who like to line up.	statement	db
We got there early so a table was availaible, however when we left people were in line.	statement	db
Language has also been a slight barrier for me at times in cases where I want to know exactly what is in a dish.	statement	db
There's no air-conditioning here, so those of you who are fearful of the heat, come in the evenings or you'll have to dine soaked in sweat!	statement	db
Now i understand why they would have a Champagne and Croissant brunch.	statement	db
Appetizer : Burrata Cheese Mango Olive Tapenade, Parma Ham, Rosemary Foam The cheese was light and soft like tofu, where one can slice easily with just the fork.	statement	db
I had not finished my amuse bouche when I was served the Appetizer course.	statement	db
I wish that I had been informed when I placed my order.	statement	db
Maybe when Chef Forlino was there it was worth it.	statement	db
Service was average, staff seemed a unfriendly when we made requests, but remained polite.	statement	db
I was vegetarian that day, and just wanted to check what dishes did not have meat.	statement	db
Forlino is one of those restaurants that thrives on business clientele and ladies who lunch.	statement	db
Thing is while the food is good and the service is as it should be for people who lunch in 45 minutes, I feel like this restaurant lacks heart or passion and that's why it scores a 3/5.	statement	db
However when the birthday song was played on the PA system, it can be hardly heard.	statement	db
I would like to know what architectural/design considerations were behind this.	statement	db
I guess I'm not very adventurous when it comes to Chinese food, especially because there is usually a heavy focus on seafood and I'm not a fan of seafood.	statement	db
actually taste what they claim to put in the soup).	statement	db
Nonetheless, when I heard Employees Only was making its way to town, I was definitely excited, as I had been to the NY location, and I knew without a doubt it was going to be done well.	statement	db
know what they are doing, which I appreciate.	statement	db
As far as the cocktails go, yes, they are expensive, but what in Singapore isn't.	statement	db
Worst of all were the stuck-up servers, who kept trying to push us new drinks... and were so pushy they eventually ended up pushing us out of the bar.	statement	db
Honestly, I feel sorry for New Yorkers who have to put up with this kind of condescending service.	statement	db
Ice cream was quite small when it came as partly melted.	statement	db
But interestingly when the mains are served by another staff, we are given small plates.	statement	db
Lastly when desserts are served, we are not given small plates again.	statement	db
Pretty good, but only 5 tablespoons worth of food, the Beef steak, which, to me looked and tasted like hawker quality, over peppered, and dry, and my lobster, which, when I asked was told was 250gms of meat.	statement	db
The crawfish originally had tons of cheese on it, presumably to mask the bland tase of the dish, and when arrived, I told them, (also beforehand) I was allergic to dairy and carbs.	statement	db
Come to think of it I'm not sure why I keep coming as it makes it hard to talk business.	statement	db
Overall it's about average and it makes wonder if I should be letting a ""gwai lo"" (in Cantonese) tell me what is good Chinese food.	statement	db
I am not very often angry when receiving bad food.	statement	db
Tian Tian was recommended to me by a Singaporean-Malaysian-Chinese friend from the states who had visited before.	statement	db
I'm pretty sure that when we arrived at 1pm, we had at least 30 people in front of us.	statement	db
I think the reason why it is so famous is their absurdly fragrant rice!	statement	db
We got there right when they opened, so there wasn't a long wait.	statement	db
Likely, If I were showing guests around since this restaurant has gained popularity because of Bourdain and that's why people want to try it out.	statement	db
I visited during what I thought would be a between-meal lull in foot traffic, around 4PM, and sure enough there were still about 10 people waiting ahead of me.	statement	db
Truth be told...I never tried the Hainanese Chicken Rice before and wasn't sure what the hype was about other than the famous Anthony Bourdain visiting this stall.	statement	db
Still haven't figured out why there is such a craze for this dish but it's worth the try if you like chicken rice.	statement	db
However now that I have tried this, I can see why this is a must place to try.	statement	db
The chicken was succulent and what Chinese people would say 好滑.	statement	db
I'm not a fan of white meat due to typical dryness, but when they ran out of chicken drumstick/leg, I had to settle for breast.	statement	db
After hearing all the hype abut this place - award winning chef, when they sell out, they just close shop, the line is always a mile long, etc.	statement	db
I kinda knew what I was going to get into.	statement	db
It's simple and lovely and perfectly cooked - a must-have dish when you're in SG.	statement	db
There is a huge huge line, but I guess thats what comes with fame.	statement	db
It's always long queue in the morning, then closed so early when the chicken are sold out.	statement	db
Simple, warm, a slightly sweet sauce, this chicken and rice has a home-cooked taste that makes it great to eat when you're looking to fill up on a staple without much fuss.	statement	db
Do expect a long line as the Singaporeans all some to gather to what is supposedly the best.	statement	db
There was a line that wraps around the corner when I first came and there still was a line after I finished eating.	statement	db
One draw back about taking the food to go is that they didn't include the ginger oil and also some sweet soy sauce which is what we are accustomed to having along with our Hainan chicken rice.	statement	db
Tian Tian is still a must try when visiting Singapore, but I think I'll try other places before coming back again.	statement	db
efficient), so make sure you take a look at the menu before you get to the woman who takes your order (pay in one place, move down the line to another place to pick up your food).	statement	db
Not sure what the hype is about, I found it A-OK.	statement	db
I jumped into the line when I noticed it was just a couple of folks on a weekday at around 3pm.	statement	db
That's when I noticed they had receipts with them.	statement	db
My cousin who lived in Singapore for a while highly recommended Tian Tian's chicken rice.	statement	db
Was shocked to see a long line to the counter and from what I heard from my cousin, that was quite typical of Singapore, especially the good ones.	statement	db
if your Singaporean, you know where to eat, lah.	statement	db
It's good, but not worth the hype, especially when the line wraps around the corner.	statement	db
Fortunately the line, even when it circles around the stall, is fast.	statement	db
You get what you get.	statement	db
It's even worth to come here when you have just an stopover at Singapore airport.	statement	db
What you see is what you get: chicken and rice ;) This dish is so tender and flavored!	statement	db
Seems like they dictate the terms where you guys can or cannot taste their chicken rice!	statement	db
It was as if clouds took rice form and were cooked in an amazing broth of just right seasoning - that is what the rice is like from TianTian.	statement	db
Having first tried the chicken rice in Chinatown, I had an ""okay"" benchmark of what it could be compared to.	statement	db
The chicken wasn't juicy and flavorful as what I expected.	statement	db
Before you get in line to order, it's good to walk around the hawker center and browse at what other folks are eating.	statement	db
The line was pretty long when I arrived at around 1230 on a weekday but the stall uncles were very efficient and the line moved very fast.	statement	db
Forget what Anthony Bourdain said - all he did was overhype the chicken and rice and create a crazy long line out the door.	statement	db
I ordered a medium serving which when it came, looks plain boring.	statement	db
As there was much hype about this stall's chicken rice, I think I expected too much as when I took a bite, nothing was special about it.	statement	db
The quality of the chicken has dropped dramatically compared to the time when the lady boss was still there.	statement	db
Dont be fooled there is another hainanese chicken shop nearby theirs that starts preparing and getting long lines by unsuspecting tourists when this place closes.	statement	db
This is what Singapore is all about, and I can finally return home happy, knowing that the Hainan chicken in SE Asia is not  an unfortunate hype.	statement	db
Dear Anthony Bourdain,  With ""no reservations"", I'm writing due to my fair lady, who has been one of your many fans for the longest time, for your video highlighting the chicken rice experience in Singapore.	statement	db
Now, I have only been here since they expanded, but here's what I got: rice is more flavorful than Chatterbox but not by much.	statement	db
It was what I thought the experience would have been like.	statement	db
Must definitely try the Tian Tian Chicken  Rice is you are in the area,  or when visiting Singapore.	statement	db
Guess they are THAT popular and famous that they have one window to pay and another to get your food, when most hawker stallls are usually a one or two man show.	statement	db
I remembered that the first day when we arrived in Singapore we ate here.	statement	db
I was so glad this place was literally right across the street from where we stayed.	statement	db
It has all been said before, only for those who have not been to Singapore, you cannot understand it until you have made your way to Singapore.. And in the world of chicken and rice and the lines that follow, as Yoda says, ""There is no try, only do.""	statement	db
The chicken rice is alright, a bit greasy for my taste, and they tend to add some gravy-like dressing on it when served which I have to say definitely gives it a nice flavor boost.	statement	db
Chicken & Rice is what they are famous for and highly recommended.	statement	db
I didn't really need to look up online to find out where to eat at the Maxwell Food center, I just needed to find the stalls that had a line and this one definitely had a line.	statement	db
Usually when you order half a chicken, you'd be lucky that it would ever come in this size.	statement	db
The line for this place are ridiculous, but luckily they have a corner stall where the line can naturally curve around and form outside the Hawker Center.	statement	db
I have to say I don't really understand why it's so amazing.	statement	db
Thankfully I had my fiance who spoke the language to order and pay.	statement	db
I don't know what they do to this chicken and I don't care.	statement	db
I honestly don't understand why this place is rated as highly as it is.	statement	db
There is no way in hell the chicken rice dish is anything more than what it is - bland chicken and rice.	statement	db
I'm not sure what Bourdain was on when he had this.	statement	db
Find a friend, go to Tian Tian, and here's what you got to do.	statement	db
I am continually astounded by reviewers who don't seem to understand that in hawker food, the side sauces are essential additions, and not just for show, like salt and pepper on western tables.	statement	db
So I qued up here not even knowing what I was ordering till I was 3rd in line.	statement	db
There are better places to have the whole legendary dish, but if you're near by with some touristing friends, why not.	statement	db
- The rice, what can we say about the rice!	statement	db
I tried telling 10 taxi drivers Tian Tian Chicken Rice and only the last 1 of the 10 knew what I was talking about.	statement	db
We were traveling with someone who goes to Singapore frequently (when we went through immigration the officer said ""welcome back Adam"").	statement	db
Its not the best but pretty close to where it needs to be.	statement	db
I'm someone who likes chicken rice and eats it often at various spots on the island.	statement	db
There's a reason why the queue wraps around the entire food court.	statement	db
It's still cheap though, which is probably why the line is so long.	statement	db
You should go down to the end of Maxwell center, there is the old man, who used to cook for this kiosk.	statement	db
It is what I had expected as far as flavor.	statement	db
I don't care that the service sucked, I don't care that it was in a hot hawker center, I don't care that there are tons of tourists, I don't care about long lines, what I always care about is the TASTE, and I've honestly had better.	statement	db
Such a fun market place full of different foods and drinks, and across the street is the out door market place where they sell clothes and other goods.	statement	db
The line is usually a bit long, and the lady there who is in charge keeps it moving (very organized).	statement	db
It's a must go to when visiting Singapore!	statement	db
I came to Maxwell Center to try the chicken rice at Tian Tian where Anthony Bourdain raved about the chicken.	statement	db
There wasn't a queue when I was there (I was eating at about 4pm, an odd time thanks to my jet-lag inducing travel), so service was quick.	statement	db
Of the famous chicken rice stalls / chains, for those who like more strongly-flavoured chicken rice, there's Boon Tong Kee that's better, and for those who like delicately-flavoured stuff, Chin Chin at Purvis Street.	statement	db
I have a friend who once told me that she would always have a couple of servings of the bread from a French restaurant that she used to frequent because the bread was heavenly good, not to mention the memorable multi-course dinner.	statement	db
This is quite unlike most grill restaurants where sides are limited and predictable.	statement	db
That's when the sweet vanilla ice cream came as a timely company to the moist, creamy tower that exuded a character of its own.	statement	db
What do you expect down at the CBD  when it's more popular as a bar  with snacks than a restaurant.	statement	db
Singapore depends on expats for their expertise and you think on about what you post it's very disrespectful!!!	statement	db
I don't really get why people seem to enjoy this - you can hardly hold a proper conversation at all given the noise of the crowd.	statement	db
Then I was not sure what I was actually eating.	statement	db
Perfect for people who don't like rice or just want to watch their weight.	statement	db
My friends were in shock when I told them I never tried Pasta Fresca till this year - apparently it was every family's restaurant of choice back when we were younger.	statement	db
So, I finally tried it and I can see why all my friends have fond memories of it.	statement	db
If you're not too sure what to order, give the margherita a go before ordering anything else, as I believe that you can tell how good a restaurant's pizza will be through its most basic dish.	statement	db
I am not sure if the Bukit Timah Rd one still exists but that was the branch I use to frequent when I was younger.	statement	db
It's a no brainer to guess what they sell - just bento set and a couple of homemade muffins.	statement	db
And I'm fortunate enough to have Korean colleagues who will take me around to a bunch of different Korean restaurants, order Korean dishes and show me a Korean good time.	statement	db
What you get is not fancy, but it's not why you come.	statement	db
About now is when you might take up that offer for the wet wipes from the hawker visiting your table.	statement	db
Street food vendors who has been having the same spot for years, serve a variation of Asian / Malaysian street food where no 8, Best Satay, is known to be the best.	statement	db
I came here one morning when I arrived early for a morning meeting in the area, and decided to give this place a go.	statement	db
The ingredients were fresh, but I don't think it's really worth what they are charging.	statement	db
Basically, you grab what you want, then pay for your items at the cashier and look for a place to sit.	statement	db
It's ok for when I have a sushi craving and don't want to spend much and I want it quick.	statement	db
They call out your number for you to collect when it is ready so you can start chomping on your sushi first while waiting.	statement	db
I occasionally frequent Starbucks in Singapore/Asia when I want a cup of fresh brewed coffee.	statement	db
I go through long periods when I don't go to Starbucks but now and then I return.	statement	db
I'm most likely to go when I'm meeting someone and they want a sweet drink or we need a comfy couch chair to catchup over.	statement	db
I always explain to friends (or face it anyone who will listen) that there are 3 reasons I come to starbucks:  1) It's got this warm casual laidback atmosphere and because they look pretty generic inside, for that moment (especially on a work day) you could be anywhere else in Singapore..or as my friend said Milan.	statement	db
3) They do good flavoured syrup drinks for when you want something more like dessert or need to topup your brain food.	statement	db
Beer came out right away, but the nachos took 40 minutes in which I had to ask my waitress 2 times where they were.	statement	db
Eaten piping hot from the fryer and doused with a generous layer of tartar or chili sauce, the crisp batter and flakes of fork tender fish tasted exceptional when downed with a gulp of ice cold beer.	statement	db
I went in on a Thursday night, the live musician had a hissy fit when he messed up his song and threw his guitar and walked away.	statement	db
It may have a loyal following of dedicated fans who can tolerate abuse or have a magical connection for getting served in less than half an hour.	statement	db
A few patrons who shared similar disappointments on Facebook where chastized by the frontman musician who blasted them for not being regulars and told them to take their business elsewhere in less than polite language.	statement	db
Molly's is an Irish pub is on the corner of Circular Road, near the Central Business District of Singapore, and where a lot of office workers head to wrap up the day, or for an afternoon kicker.	statement	db
Only reason why I came here is because it was the closest place for a coffee and my friend was in a pinch for time.	statement	db
The food quality was great and the flavoring combinations were well above what all the negative reviews here would have me think.	statement	db
Well the first thing I thought about when going to this place is whether it would be even close to Chipotle in the US.	statement	db
You can also get beers, margaritas and tequilas which seems fine but not when your heading back to work, maybe after.	statement	db
A far cry from Chipotle (or any other) burritos in the States where it's wrapped tighter than a peranakan grandma's hair bun.	statement	db
either of the beef or, i think, the lamb which they didn't have when we went).	statement	db
I wonder who makes corn tortillas in Singapore.	statement	db
I was lost in indecision and the girl helpfully offered to put on what she suggested would go with each meat.	statement	db
The 3 Tacos were $13 plus $2 for the premium meat, and they added 10% service charge - I have no idea why they charge service charge when you order and pay at the counter.	statement	db
The staff seems confused, like the place just opened, and like even they aren't really sure what should go on those tortillas next.	statement	db
My suggestions for the chef: we're too far from the States (Mexican and American): don't let people choose what to put on their tortilla.	statement	db
I know what I'm doing in a Mexican place and even I got confused with the cabbage, lettuce, beans, cheese (please tell me you don't let people put cheese on their tacos!!!).	statement	db
Anyway I went to Mex Out yesterday with my friend, J, who was/is my bestie from our time at UVA.	statement	db
The portions were decent if you consider how much an average meal costs in Raffles Place (or at least that's what I keep telling myself everyday).	statement	db
Actually now that I've read some of the reviews below, I realize I'm not the only one who felt their food was salty.	statement	db
They were not kidding when they named the mini burrito, it was about a third of the size of the normal burrito.	statement	db
I ordered a burrito and it was extremely pricy for what you get.	statement	db
Decent crema and art, very pleasant staff although when I ordered beans to be ground for my friend who doesn't have a grinder, they said I would have to collect the next morning.	statement	db
So this is not where you bring out our laptops to.	statement	db
For $118 per pax, it's twice as much as what we paid for dim sum last year.	statement	db
I came right when they opened, because I knew there'd be a long line.	statement	db
I tend to find MTO (make to order) food requires a little extra creativity when it comes to creating the perfect salad.	statement	db
Pint & Curries is sure to satisfy a late night craving when you're around the Clarke Quay area.	statement	db
Food is made to order complete with a dedicated chef who can easily & quickly whip up a tasty Indian dish.	statement	db
It was a bit awkward as the chef is a bit of a character and only wants to cook what he wants to (we had specific request that were denied) but turns out that's a good thing in the end because he is a magician in the kitchen.	statement	db
I came after peak lunch hour so I'm not quite sure what their salads look like.	statement	db
The onigiri was pretty good, the mackerel with miso was a little salty for my liking, but I like the variety of the dishes and what they have to offer.	statement	db
I was confused as to where to order and pick up my food.	statement	db
As I'd never tried this dish before I brought along a local buddy from work who went through the ordering procedure and made sure we had a good dollop of chili sauce to add the much needed kick to the dish.	statement	db
Upon returning to work we devoured this delicious breakfast, with jealous glances and gasps from co-workers - I must say it lived up to the moniker ""good old taste"", and now I understand why there is a morning line.	statement	db
It's always a pretty safe bet that when places only do one dish and people queue up every morning to get it, that it is going to be a winner; and in that regard Good Old Taste certainly doesn't disappoint.	statement	db
I guess there are a certain amount of harried desk-bound folks who appreciate not having to queue for a long time and are small eaters will be fine with Munch.	statement	db
I stumbled onto this place when I was checking out the basement food area of Republic Plaza.	statement	db
I guessed I liked to go with the recommended dishes when dining at a new place, especially when I was not sure what to order.	statement	db
There was a hint of smokiness in the chicken (still did not know why it would be smokey but it was all good) which was very tender and fell away from the bone easily with the fork.	statement	db
I find it rare to find places where you could actually taste the individual spices which made the dishes more aromatic and tasty.	statement	db
not lunchtime, before work, 4-5pm when everyone needs coffee.	statement	db
Whether one was a fan of duck to begin with or not, this Chinese Eight Treasures Duck ($90 per duck) lured everyone with its wonderful fragrance when it was sliced apart to reveal eight mouth-watering fillings including salted egg yolk, roast pork belly, dry scallops and glutinous rice.	statement	db
A must try especially for those who have not tried this in their life before!	statement	db
I am not sure why I did not take a photo of the fish as it was finally served.	statement	db
I've been here a couple of times for business-related functions, and the location is perfect (on the lobby level of the lovely Fullerton Hotel) - which is perhaps why it's frequently busy especially for lunch.	statement	db
Therefore, it serves the utilitarian purpose of being a decent place to conduct business meetings, but it is not a place where I would take a personal friend or family.	statement	db
In fact, there have been many occasions where I've found myself running back and forth through the Fullerton Hotel - One Fullerton underground pass panting because I confused Jing for Jade and Jade for Jing.	statement	db
I also liked the soup of the day, what tasted like a double boiled chicken and melon soup.	statement	db
This outlet has password protected wifi, but when I asked the staff, he mentioned that they are not make known the password to the wifi.	statement	db
The people next to me were kind enough to see my total confusion on what to order, and pointed me to a few signatures... and they were spot on.	statement	db
The Cha Siew Bao is so good that my gf get a nose bleed when she eats it.	statement	db
Lunch combos come with rice, where you can choose Japanese rice, brown rice, barley rice, or mixed (choices are always a good thing), and generally cost about $13.90.	statement	db
The meatballs also taste like it's freshly made and salmon meatball makes me less guilty (especially after recent WHO warning against processed meat).	statement	db
Very healthy and fresh ingredients, and when you spec your own salad, the portions are perfect and the pricing s not too bad, for the quality, and keeping in mind where you are, and the space.	statement	db
Only when I have the money though!	statement	db
The chilli is also pretty good, but the actual chicken is what you're here for.	statement	db
In conclusion, if you're just looking for good chicken rice and nothing else, by all means... this is where you want to go.	statement	db
Nope, no egg was stuffed in there unlike other places where Big steamed buns do.	statement	db
The memories of my grandfather starts flowing when the stall-holder pickup that tongue-scalding BBQ buns from the steam tray.	statement	db
It's along Philip Street and I go there when I'm in a hurry.	statement	db
This casual Italian restaurant opened in the heart of Raffles Place in October last year but it only came to my attention recently when my friend and I were trying to find a new place in the CBD for reasonably priced and hearty Italian fare.	statement	db
It's just a competent, though unexemplary, Japanese place (with above average cost) where they serve you food on paddles.	statement	db
I don't get why Mad Jack is so popular.	statement	db
The MAD & Rich Chocolate cake is nothing like what its name suggests.	statement	db
1) Yummy biryani 2) Killer fried chicken 3) a few choices of not the oiliest vegetables 4) affordable 5) good teh tarik 6) strong fans 7) pleasant service 8) provides tissue at the cashier's  Items 3, 4, 6 and 7 are why it wins out over the always crowded Shah Alam nearby.	statement	db
If it wasn't so unhealthy I would come more often but even when I've eaten elsewhere, I often stop here for a teh tarik!	statement	db
Maybe it's because I did not know what to expect...	statement	db
Mark, the manager, who has many years of experience in the F&B scene in Scotland and his team took care of us throughout the night while explaining each dish and answer to our questions with aplomb.	statement	db
And if this is achieved, I can see no reason why UsQuBa will give other restaurants within its vicinity a run of their money.	statement	db
I may be biased as I come from Bay Area where good quality & amazing food was given for such good value, but still.	statement	db
Even after living a year here, and having been to many many restaurants, SPRMRKT items are pricy for what they offer.	statement	db
It seems like a good idea to get the process fixed up so that people don't have to wait for 15+ minutes, when you take it out..	statement	db
I was famished when I visit, so I head straight to the counter and ordered myself the first item listed on the menu - scrambled eggs with smoked salmon and mocha to go with it.	statement	db
The food is quite typical of what you will get at other places though the food tastes a bit fresher.	statement	db
The menu changes everyday so check their website to see what they have for that day.	statement	db
Woo...I'm not sure what hood Spr.Mkrt came from, but that ain't how it should be done in the service industry!	statement	db
Gives the décor an extra flair if you know what I mean!	statement	db
My only complaints about the place are minor: - I second what a previous reviewer said about the door!	statement	db
They also have a few types of cakes on offer every day, the strawberry shortcake is delicious but i haven't seen it recently so I am still waiting for my lucky day (you never know what they are serving every day).	statement	db
Somehow it really feels like your own living room and I think that's what gets me to return time and time again.	statement	db
So anyways the best friend LOVES the pancakes and brunch from Spr.Mkrt, and though it was a weekday, this was a work day lunch, I figured, ah why not.	statement	db
Everyone is so joyful even when they get busy or are tired.	statement	db
The prices are reasonable, about what I would expect to pay in the States for the same kind of food - and considering I am getting it in Singapore I will pay the extra few bucks.	statement	db
The juice is also quite nice and the ladies behind the counter know what they're doing with coffee.	statement	db
The spring rolls were mediocre; I should've ordered the ""fresh"" spring rolls (that's what I meant to order but I didn't realize I needed to differentiate).	statement	db
Atmosphere and the view are what you are paying the high price.	statement	db
On top of that, I'm not sure that understand what an IPA is.	statement	db
Of course I can't remember (not very useful, sorry) what I got but there was a pretty strong stout that was really really good.	statement	db
I didn't get to dress up very much in Singapore since most people dress pretty casually but this is the one place where I could have and fit right in.	statement	db
I was actually a bit surprised by such a different crowd of people than what I had seen all week walking around.	statement	db
I ordered a glass of wine, which was delivered to another woman in our party at the opposite end of the table - and it was only when I asked where mine was 20 minutes after ordering it that they said they had already given it to me.... except they had given it to her.	statement	db
But wow what a view.	statement	db
So where I would normally give a 2 I give this place a four.	statement	db
Location location location and man what a location.	statement	db
But it all went downhill when we got the bill.	statement	db
The whole end was sketchy and ruined what had been a good night.	statement	db
But it's no better than what you'd find in a 7-11 or such.	statement	db
They didn't lie when they said it was the world's highest brewery at 33 levels above ground.	statement	db
Some waitress are very attentive and polite while others seems to be blind when I was raising my hand to get their attention to Ask for water while my partner was coughing.	statement	db
First thing waiter said to me when he saw me is ""No Tripod"" to take photos.	statement	db
We got the craft beer sampler, with 5 samples of their own beers, then got more based on what we liked.	statement	db
Diners seated towards the window or middle could be hemmed in when it is full as all the chairs are back to back when seated, leaving no space for people to pass through.	statement	db
It was a bit windy when we were up there but I loved taking the elevator up and then having a good IPA on the patio.	statement	db
That's when we discovered that Level33 serves Sunday roast - the wonderful English tradition of pubs serving Roast and other food on Sundays that still lingers fondly in my memory of England.	statement	db
To be honest it was one of those places we would go once to experience it and see what the fuss is about and probably never go back again.	statement	db
View - 5* Service - 2*  Food - 3*  The breathtaking view was probably the only saving grace at this restaurant, which probably explains why it's packed on a Wednesday night.	statement	db
I love who they balanced out the sweetness of the chocolate with sea salt and cream cheese at the side.	statement	db
But I guess it's ok. L33 has a nice view, the service is nothing special but then again there are not many places in SG where I find service to be excellent.	statement	db
I like their Executive Lunch when I'm into the Lunch thing every now and then.	statement	db
Food is good but slightly overpriced for what it actually is.	statement	db
The manage Min is a rock star bartender, who can make several suggestions as to some of the better bars in the area.	statement	db
If you're looking for that spot - you know, the one where you know the bartenders by name, have the menu memorized, come for a late brunch and early cocktail every Sunday, and read the paper in an end-of-weekend gleeful haze, I reckon Club Street Social might be just what you're looking for.	statement	db
Cozy up to the bar, order one of their signature sandwiches, test the bartender's knowledge with an off-menu cocktail and appreciate what all of Singapore (at least all of Singapore's ex-pats anyway) have already discovered.	statement	db
A big reason why I decided to come here was that I didn't believe.	statement	db
It seemed pretty decent, yet nothing mind blowing (especially when you hope the truffle taste would be real prevalent).	statement	db
I'd also like to point out that the service here was top notch - everyone smiling and willing, and very prompt to re-fill our cups of water when they were running dry.	statement	db
We ended dinner with the nutella bread pudding - I'm not a fan of chocolate and can be very critical when it comes to bread pudding, but I must say that this bread pudding is good!	statement	db
Super cosy, this is the sort of place where you feel really at home and happy to be there.	statement	db
The service dithers from very, very good to ambivalent (depends on who you get).	statement	db
However when I visit it it was rather casual and relaxed with normal looking people, so I was surprised!	statement	db
But when I checked, the waiter gave it to me and said it was on the house as they have missed out on the order!	statement	db
When people  ask me what the is to do in Singapore my first answer is always: Eat!	statement	db
I was still surprised when I came upon a Costa Rican hawker stall.	statement	db
Hard as rock and when requested for a new piece.	statement	db
Their Indonesian food is pretty authentic and I would recommend it to anyone who is a fan.	statement	db
If you know what I mean.	statement	db
The tahu telor - like my pithy colleague, who attended a wedding the previous day and was served the same dish, noted - tasted like tahu telor.	statement	db
Sambal kang kong was ok, many stalks included so those who only eat leaves beware.	statement	db
There's a $20+ buffet going on during dinner and Saturday lunch so it's great for those who like variety.	statement	db
They also offer unlimited hard boiled eggs, great for those who are a bit hungry and can't wait for their food to come out.	statement	db
Looking forward to the day when I go back to Singapore to eat this ramen again!!	statement	db
Overall the ramen were much better than what I had during my last visit.	statement	db
On the left just facing the kitchen are 5 counter seats for those who would like to be close to the action and smell the aromas coming out from the kitchen.	statement	db
They have a small form for you to fill out where you can specify things like spiciness and noodle texture.	statement	db
If you don't like Tonkotsu King... then I don't really know what to say to you anyway.	statement	db
When there is a line outside, the waitstaff provides pens and order sheets so you can figure out what you want in advance.	statement	db
The broth captures to an exponential degree the pure essence of chicken, reduced down to the potency where every spoonful feels like it must contain the entire flavor and essence of a whole chicken.	statement	db
I do not know what makes a ramen more or less authentic.	statement	db
Okay, you've been to the porky cousin, so you know what the system is like.	statement	db
the noodles had a stronger yellow hue than what i'm used to.	statement	db
It is flavourful, not too salty and accompanies well with the nice-cooked ramen (I didn't finish the soup as per what I did at Ramen Keisuke Tonkotsu King Four Seasons though).	statement	db
I can definitely see myself becoming a regular when I'm in town.	statement	db
I mean...  Alright, so it seems I'm at a loss for words when it comes to the deliciousness of Tori King.	statement	db
But do beware that the spiciness may blow your head out for those who cant really take spicy food.	statement	db
Guess we arrived at 9 when they wanted to start packing up so was rushed through the whole meal.	statement	db
Definitely not what I imagined them to be, and certainly not like those at Bills in Sydney.	statement	db
I finished my cup of coffee and was taking a call when one of the staff approached to clear me cup.	statement	db
I'm not quite sure why this idea hasn't caught on because everything tastes better in between mantous!!!	statement	db
I recommend making reservations because as a walk-in, they are most likely going to seat you in the lounge where shoppers gawk at you through the window as they walk by.	statement	db
I forgot what it was but I remember not a single of them complained or said anything negative about the taste, presentation, and quality of the food.	statement	db
The portion is pretty massive so you can share if you please but I don't share when it comes to food so I enjoyed it, orgasmiscally until it was all gone.	statement	db
From what I recall, they had some kind of discounts if you make it before the happy hour ends.	statement	db
Overall, a place to go in Singapore when you're missing some good quality meat in your life!	statement	db
Beyond being the best steak restaurant in Singapore, CUT won my heart forever when manager Glynn came to my rescue during a whisky and food tasting event that took place early in my pregnancy.	statement	db
The menu and the atmosphere were certainly more of what I would expect in a West Coast or Las Vegas steakhouse (no surprise)--contemporary, minimalist furnishing and decor.	statement	db
So while I enjoyed my experience, the match goes to other team--particularly when one considers that this player has a bigger paycheck than who it's up against.	statement	db
I was pleasantly surprised, though, when I was dragged to Cut.	statement	db
The sides were exactly what I expected.	statement	db
The steak was what surprised me.	statement	db
Besides that, the souffle and the creamed spinach is a must-have when you're there.	statement	db
Regarding the ambiance, I find that the dining area is rather dark and probably due to how the restaurant is layout, the noise/sound bounces off the wall which kinda make the place really noisy/loud when people start chitter-chattering the night away (which make it hard to carry conversation properly).	statement	db
And when they say gourmet, they mean gourmet.	statement	db
But from my initial experience at the bar, I am sure I won't be disappointed when that time comes.	statement	db
BTW- dress in singapore is one notch down - so where here you would be expected to probably have a jacket on and the ladies dressed to the nines....in singapore it is much more casual which makes the singapore location an even more casual atmosphere for steak house beginners.	statement	db
You will be presented with the various options of meat and the server explains to you what the specifics of the meat are.I personally like the 'Bone in Filet Mignon' medium rare paired with a nice red wine.	statement	db
Note that I'm not even pretending to be a wine expert at all - I just like to drink what tastes well (to me) and so far Argentinian wines did not disappoint me in any way.	statement	db
The young lady who presented the wine was super friendly as always.	statement	db
Steak in Singapore, why not!	statement	db
And why not go to CUT for that consistency that we come to expect from Wolfgang Puck restaurant.	statement	db
I reserve going to CUT when I'm in the mood to splurge and have a great time.	statement	db
OK, I'm a Ruth's Chris and Mastros (SC Plaza) bigot when it comes to steaks, but I gotta say, CUT is now in my top 3 steakhouses.	statement	db
The flavor of the steak itself was fantastic and exactly what you would expect from dry aged meat.	statement	db
Dinner is pricey - expect to pay about 150-200 per person when all is said and done.	statement	db
I've tried and fell in love with Snake River Farms beef before when I was in the US.	statement	db
Theoretically, what the breeder seek to accomplish is marry that wonderful beefiness of American beef, with the luxurious marbling of Japanese beef.	statement	db
I was ecstatic when I discovered that they were gonna serve that beef in CUT Singapore.	statement	db
Even before flying off to Singapore, I already knew what I was gonna have for my steak.	statement	db
Coming to CUT was definitely a good choice when I went to Singapore, the steak was delicious and perfectly cooked.	statement	db
We knew what we were getting ourselves into.	statement	db
Marina Bay Sands, and what not.	statement	db
I don't know if this is where I would recommend someone to go in Singapore for a nice meal, but it did the trick.	statement	db
I count the bar at CUT and the one at Tippling club as the only ones to understand truly what it is like to create a balanced cocktail, time and time again.	statement	db
I've wanted to come here for a long time - and while I'm bursting with adjectives, let me objectively say that the souffle was high, fluffy, barely deflated even after standing, and when eaten with the chocolate ice cream and creme fraiche on top - was a revelation in deep dark chocolate and that gorgeous play of hot and cold.	statement	db
At Cut though, the prices go significantly higher when you throw in the tempting array of appetisers, sides and mains - which are done well, if you need to justify the bill.	statement	db
The service is absolutely impressive - if you are familiar with Morton's you'll know what I mean.	statement	db
There was a point in my life when I visited CUT monthly, because it was SOOOO GOOD.	statement	db
This is truly a tiny place but what it lacks in size they make up for in quality of coffee and friendliness of staff/owners.	statement	db
They use beans from Papa Palheta and when I have been here these have been put to good use and the espresso based beverages have come out really well.	statement	db
As someone who has been traveling in Asia for a long time, it was a very satisfying pizza.	statement	db
The pizza dough is good, the crust looks as if its cooked perfectly but the dough doesn't cook properly (possibly due to the humidity in Singapore) so when you try to pick up a slice everything just falls off.	statement	db
As someone who loves NY/New Haven thin crust pizza, this was a really nice surprise in Singapore.	statement	db
The price is a little high for what you get but overall the taste is there.	statement	db
Fairly quiet when we got there are 1215 on a Sunday, and was a bit more than half full when we left around 130pm, so we got pretty attentive service.	statement	db
The first receptionist who initially gave me the 30min timeframe looked away, seemingly busy with someone on the phone.	statement	db
If I could hear what they're thinking, it probably sounds something like ""This establishment serves the finest of American-Italian cuisine and you look like some low life local who shouldn't be here"".	statement	db
In a country with more than 40% foreigners, locals are often treated like second class citizens, especially in places where foreigners hang out.	statement	db
Unless you're white and blue-eyed, or dressed like a Chinese tycoon who has just spent the equivalent of your annual salary at the casino, I suggest you stay away from this place.	statement	db
There are times when some dignity is worth more than the best pizza in town.	statement	db
I never liked the classic Caesar salad, but I love the Italian variation where they blend anchovy into the dressing, and there is no bacon bits, no croutons.	statement	db
It was not what I would call an espresso.	statement	db
Disappointing ending to what would been a nice break from walking around.	statement	db
This was not the case and I could name several places in Singapore where you find a better pizza.	statement	db
Will certainly visit Mozza in LA when we get back to So Cal.	statement	db
He complied very sweetly, and I was quite impressed when he brought 3.	statement	db
I was a bit less impressed when they noticed that they had charged us $15 for that extra ""order"".	statement	db
I'm a huge fan of the Mozza in LA which is why when we were in Singapore, we had to try this location.	statement	db
First of all when I looked at the menu, I think they may have jacked up the prices just because I never saw pizza cost that much!	statement	db
the setting is very nice and the service is OK.  i wish the prices were better, but what do you expect for a place in the Sands.	statement	db
I usually try not to order the same things when I go to a restaurant, but I can't help myself with this place.	statement	db
It's not everyday you can dine at a mall where you get to people watch without a window in between.	statement	db
I'm always down to taste what their own people like, so I said, ""OK!""	statement	db
I dined at Togi on a Friday night and was thrilled to find a place that:  1) Served boricha  (iced barley tea) instead of water  2) Offered metal utensils in a box on the table  3) Included waitstaff who could dialogue with me in Korean  4) Served a large variety of side dishes that were free flow  5) Offered two of the more arduous soups on the menu (sullungtang & yookgaejang).	statement	db
If you're craving for seafood, order the seafood pancake ($18) instead, which was terrific when I had it at the Triple One branch, thicker and layered with prawns, squid and so on.	statement	db
The waitress who served it would even proceed to remove the meat from the long rib bones for us.	statement	db
My other girl loves it so much that she declared that when we return again, she is having 3, all by herself!	statement	db
For a friend of mine who is new to this place, he found it so so taste only and for him the price that we paid seem not justifiable for the service and food he experienced.	statement	db
The staff was pleasant, space was nice and cool from the weather and would visit again when back in S'pore.	statement	db
I always trust the recommendations for Korean cuisine from friends who have been to Korea and Togi was one of them.	statement	db
Togi is one of my favourite Korean places to dine in when I feel like eating some authentic Korean food.	statement	db
The side dishes here are free flow (which gave me the same feeling when I had Korean food in Canada).	statement	db
This is the sort of place where cold barley tea is on tap, and you just know there is a Korean grandmother in the kitchen, making everything with love.	statement	db
Although the service is bad, we still enjoy the dishes and it is still recommended to those who really like Korean Cuisine.	statement	db
We had the Yukgaejang, and the flavor was exactly what it should be.	statement	db
They also serve several other variations of fried chicken but really, why waste your calories when the soya one is the most awesome.	statement	db
Unfortunately, it was a little off putting when he insisted we write a review on FB and show him before letting us leave.	statement	db
A feat as we had two friends who only arrived close to 7pm and had just 30 minutes to finish the food.	statement	db
Ordered wings, 4 of them - can't remember what it's called but the wings were generously glazed with something syrupy and sprinkled with sesame seeds.	statement	db
Simulated and having the concept of ""rounds"" when partying in Korea, I believe that Chicken Up is perfect for ""Ee-Cha"" (2nd round- more drinking and noshing on snacks) before heading out for Karaoke.	statement	db
It takes me back to the ones in Korea.I don't even know why real KFC or Popeye's exist when you can have this chicken.	statement	db
We wandered into Chicken Up on a lark as it was one of the only places still open when the hunger instinct hit one Friday night, but we wound up swearing to return, and soon!	statement	db
El Queso Grande and I took one look at the hot cast iron surface with sizzling sweet corn and melty cheese and God only know what other fatty and tasty additives (I suspect butter and mayo) and IT WAS ON!	statement	db
Food-wise, the chicken were huge pieces, kinda like the friend chicken from home where the chickens are genetically engineered.	statement	db
And that's what you get at the aptly named Chicken Up!	statement	db
Definitely not one for people who cant stand the kpop phenomenon and prices are more restaurant side than fast food eatery.	statement	db
The chicken rice is better at Maxwell Hawker Centre, where it's probably one-tenth of the price.	statement	db
The ugly: There is no ugly - that's why it's three stars.	statement	db
So, when a collegue read that Jar'd by Sarnies opened up, I was all for it.	statement	db
They also serve coffee, and this coconut whip thingy that is supposed to be like soft serve, but according to my friend who had it tasted like nothing.	statement	db
My friend who had the veg said that there was just no flavor, and needed more spice, or a stronger dressing to help the lack of protein.	statement	db
Baccala Cakes with Sea Urchin Sabayon ($18++) It looked like 2 char black balls with cheesy cream when served, and smelt a bit burnt too.	statement	db
Spaghetti with Sea Urchin Carbonara ($26++) It looked like a pool of cheesy creamy sauce when served.	statement	db
It looked rather plain when mixed evenly, but the taste was rich and creamy which kind of reminding me of salted egg yolk.	statement	db
The tiramisu generally attracted good reviews from everyone who tried.	statement	db
That's probably why they are crowded.	statement	db
One thing to note here, there's a Happy Hour promo from 5-8pm where beers on tap are $5 and all cocktails are $8.	statement	db
They adopt a tapas style approach for their food and you order what you fancy.	statement	db
Pasta, the Italian staple, is a big feature at &amp;Sons especially for lunch when they serve affordable big plates between $8-$10.	statement	db
My favorite paste is still the Tagliolini, Crab &amp; Nduja ($9) which was similar to what I had at Savour 2014.	statement	db
it was when we were trying to finish a dish of polenta with gorgonzola and mushrooms, that it struck me how immensely rich everything was, and how easily it can be unbalanced.	statement	db
It offers both alfresco and indoor dining, and I tend to choose the former especially on days when the weather is good - it offers a great vantage point for people watching on crowded afternoons as well.	statement	db
Whilst they are open for dinner as well, my most frequented visits here occur during lunchtime where they have a special set of about 10-15 dishes that are reasonably priced at $8-$12 each on their lunch menu.	statement	db
Special mentions go out here to Pierre and Sophie, both very attentive and friendly servers who make my visits all the more enjoyable despite the lunchtime rush.	statement	db
Would be keen to try dinner next time to see what the kitchen produces off the lunch menu.	statement	db
Stop over artisan pasta, on the basement Floor of republic plaza is a small take out pasta bar where you eat fresh western pasta.	statement	db
So, I visited this place for lunch about 2 years ago, and reluctantly tagged along with family who wanted Italian food.	statement	db
It was really tough and nothing like what is expected of food that is slow cooked.	statement	db
Bread is the first thing I think of when it comes to Paris Baguette Cafe so I was quite surprised to learn that it has launched 4 new bing su.	statement	db
I ordered the McMuffin set and their McMuffin is what sets them apart from other fast food outlets.. delicious melt-in your mouth taste with their 'trademark' hashbrowns as well with a cup of tea which is free flow for breakfast.	statement	db
It's decidedly Australian but not too exotic that you're pondering whether you're making a good life decision, which for example happens when you're asked to eat fried insects in Wangfujing.	statement	db
She gave us the wrong info of this outlet being their 2nd outlet, when in fact, they have moved from their old location at Ann Siang to Amoy Street.	statement	db
We were also not that satisfied with the reply from the same  wait staff when we voiced our dismay that we were seated next to a really boisterous and noisy group that made us feel really uncomfortable as were subjected to sudden ""attacks"" of shrieks/laughter/exclamation from that group.	statement	db
Prices are about double what you'd pay for a meal at one of the traditional stalls in the Marina Food House but convenience is king.	statement	db
I told him exactly how I felt about it, and why I didn't like it in detail.	statement	db
but I've figured out what she means by not too strong.	statement	db
If I'm eating in the area and I need a cup, this is where I go.	statement	db
So after nearly a month where I haven't had the opportunity to go early for the special early bird deal, I finally went back to Maguroya... and I have to say, I was a little disappointed.	statement	db
I try to come after morning rush but before the lunch rush as the quality of the coffee is usually better when they have more time for it.	statement	db
The seating is limited indoors but there are some tables outside where it is fine to hang out for longer periods of time.	statement	db
Still it is a pretty safe bet for a cup of coffee when in the CBD although I would personally rather head to the New Black for filter coffee and 6 oz Espresso for espresso based beverages but this is also good.	statement	db
The dominant flavour in the shot is citrus - but it's a shot where the astringency is very evident - as much a sensation as a flavour, an intense hit of citrus that awakens your taste buds, with an aftertaste that fades out slowly.	statement	db
The choice of single origin beans is a nice touch - when I visited, beans from Costa Rica and El Salvador were being served.	statement	db
I'll never complain about single origin coffees on a menu - it's a sign of how far coffee culture has come, and it directly benefits the farmers who grow the beans in question.	statement	db
While I understand why a business owner would employ self service, I'm just not a fan.	statement	db
For coffee lovers who like their joe slightly bitter with an astringent quality, this is for you.	statement	db
Unfortunately the indoor, air-conditioned area is small so you may have to sit outside when it is busy.	statement	db
The pork belly kimchi stew when compared to the Ginseng chicken is less impressive.	statement	db
I have no idea why they put kimchi on the grill, yet not provide kimchi as part of the banchan unless asked to.	statement	db
All of them were tasty, with my favorite being smoked - it's just downright divine when wrapped in one of those crunchy lettuce.	statement	db
The texture wasn't what i expected.	statement	db
and was eager to try it out here when I read that they opened about a month ago.	statement	db
One of the things I miss most about LA when I'm in Singapore is the good korean food and was hoping it'd taste just as good here.	statement	db
Here's why,  When you first arrive, you're greeted by a dim interior, with Kpop girls dancing around on the TV screens attached to the brick walls.	statement	db
I just hope the service and food quality remains just as good, even when they start to get super busy (because I know they will soon enough).	statement	db
Most visitors probably compliment the ""good"" service because they do not understand what the Filipino servers comment when they exchange communication amongst themselves in Tagalog.	statement	db
I visited the restaurant today with a friend who understands and speaks fluent Tagalog but is Chinese.	statement	db
DEJA VU: When I saw ""8 Korean BBQ"" I immediately thought of Palsaik, a Korean bbq joint back in Ktown LA.	statement	db
So I know a tasty piece of meat when I encounter one.	statement	db
CONCLUSION: If you ever miss Koreatown LA, you know where to go... 8 Korean BBQ.	statement	db
But my oh my, what they do they do DELICIOUSLY!	statement	db
While they supposedly take reservations, the staff will look clueless when you ask for your reserved table.	statement	db
I especially cracked up at Ida's review as there was a twist to the ending where she ordered all that food for herself!	statement	db
Truth be told, I wasn't sure what it would taste like aside from the rave reviews from my fellow yelpers.	statement	db
I used to have a ""Fast, cheap and good - you can only have 2 out of 3"" poster in my office, so I could point people who needed work done to the poster.	statement	db
You sit in air-conditioned comfort, take a few minutes to decide what you want from the small menu, and the food comes in about 5 minutes.	statement	db
You can feed a person well for around SGD16 each, which is a lot more than what I'd way about many other places in Singapore these days.	statement	db
Note:  Sometimes I feel unburdened in writing reviews when I do not know a specific cuisine extremely well.	statement	db
It had the bustle of a restaurant where everyone was enjoying their food.	statement	db
Neighborhood restaurant close to where my sister-in-law lives.	statement	db
Not a wide variety of offering, what they do, they do well.	statement	db
Watch the rest of the diners to see what they do and you should be fine!	statement	db
The spinach dish was generous and not salty at all and the zha jiang mian, oh what mian.	statement	db
This place is very popular with tourists and locals  who love to try their famous xiao long bao and guo tie.	statement	db
They only have 15 items on the menu, and having read up on what to try earlier, we oredered a handful of things.	statement	db
Red bean pancake aka guo bing ($9) - here is where our lovely table companion couple came in.	statement	db
BUT, I can understand why this place would appeal to some.	statement	db
over here, it's pretty interesting in that the spread isn't necessarily big, but there are salad counters (where you get to toss your own in gorgeously big bowls), a special-of-the-night section featuring some unique dishes (peranakan curries when we visited), a chinese roast meat section (with good roast duck and lovely charred charsiu) and a pretty large indian section (large being relative to the rather modest size of the buffet).	statement	db
and if you pay twenty more (the auspicious 88 instead of the still-auspicious 68), you get the option of seafood - and really, I'm not quite sure what that entails as my companions kept ordering plates of lobsters.	statement	db
This is never happened when I dined at Pho outlets.	statement	db
A bit disconcerting when you are not given time to peruse the menu and have to place the order almost immediately when you are standing at the cashier counter.	statement	db
The broth in the pho was very light and may suit those who preferred a lighter taste.	statement	db
Places where service is probably homely (efficient and maybe a bit brusque) and food is heartily good and decor is either non-existent or stuck in the 70s/80s.	statement	db
The dessert of gingko nut white fungus was not my favorite but those who preferred traditional not so sweet dessert would like this too.	statement	db
Expect a line when you get there.	statement	db
I popped by one afternoon and ordered Char Siew rice but settled for Siu Yok Fan when the cheery uncle said Char Siew was sold out.	statement	db
But you know, these guys, they do what they do, and they do it well.	statement	db
Ooooh what I wouldn't give for some char siew now.	statement	db
But fairly tender meat, where there was it.	statement	db
I am 99% sure this is what people think when they look at the Bratworks shop and I don't understand why the owners swap out the fries in the damn picture and show some potato slaw or better yet, sauerkraut (hello fermented food movement!!).	statement	db
Finally, have a catchy tagline that expains what in the world an Imbiss is or why this place is so spanking clean.	statement	db
There's probably like 20 Germans in Raffles Place (and they're all from DB) and 100s of everyone else who doesn't understand what a Malaysian-bird-sounding shop is (that's what I thought an imbiss was until I bothered to google it).	statement	db
Look at Erich's Wuertstelstand, where he made a joke ""The last sausage kiosk before the equator"" and bingo!	statement	db
If that offended anyone (either comparing the Brits to Germans or vice versa) I apologize, but the point is, you can sell $8 sausages to people who are half drunk, but you won't get away with it at lunchtime.	statement	db
I think what makes Bratworks at ORP all the more sad is that I never see the owners around.	statement	db
It strikes me as one of those places set up by a banker who wanted to eat his homeland snack but couldn't get it anywhere, so he bought state of the art equipment and hired some kid to stand behind the counter.	statement	db
We ordered the spicy and numbing bullfrog where the frog legs were literally drowned in the chilli oil, and the gravy within could not get into the frog legs, hence most of the time I just tasted oily spicy frog legs.	statement	db
We always go with someone who speaks mandarin as don't think much English is spoken.	statement	db
This is the cleanest outdoor food centre and they even have this foreign concept where people are encouraged to return their own trays after their meal.	statement	db
Since moving to Singapore I've gotten so used to the habit of leaving a dirty table after a meal, I've committed this faux paus in different countries like Korea, Japan, Philippines where people give you a dirty stare for not looking after your mess.	statement	db
Definitely go when it's open as you don't want to miss out on a Singaporean dessert treat!	statement	db
Staying in Tanjong Pagar, I am spoilt for choices when comes to dining.	statement	db
There was one particular waitress who kept rolling her eyes and was acting quite annoyed every time we asked about the menu and changed some orders.	statement	db
The only saving grace was another waitress who had the complete opposite attitude, was very engaging and had a nicer disposition.	statement	db
However, the duck fat fries were served to me burnt and that's why I'm taking off a star overall.	statement	db
There is not what I would consider a large selection with hordes of options.	statement	db
Even when it was delivered, which means it may have lost some quality over being served fresh, it was still one of the top best burgers i've had in awhile.	statement	db
Coz when it's good.	statement	db
My  friend enjoyed her Curry Chicken, she said it tasted like what she is used to in Thailand.	statement	db
You never know when a certain sauce or soup may contain these ingredients and I'll pay dearly.	statement	db
The food took almost 45 minutes to arrive and when it did, only my set lunch appeared.	statement	db
On principle I find bottled water ridiculous when Singapore is known for its safe drinking water (that I was willing to pay for) and bottling itself is an environmental hazard.	statement	db
The restaurant uses an antiquated paper chit system that clearly confused the cashier, who had a zillion chits laid out in front of her.	statement	db
The soup was peppery instead of herbal which was what I had previously from a different location in Singapore.	statement	db
So when I actually went out on my vacation this place was in my radar.	statement	db
They take my order while I am queuing and when I sat, walah, Food is here.	statement	db
I came here a couple of years ago when Singapore held the first F1 night race.	statement	db
The boathouse is located at a bend where the F1 race track is, so all the cars had to slow down as they were approaching the bend, giving you a quick glimpse of the cars before they zoom past and blast your eardrums along the way :P  The decor of the restaurant is pretty interesting too, with very unique ornaments and flowers.	statement	db
Some nice outdoor roadside seats where u can enjoy your food while people watching.	statement	db
Actually, my first thought when I heard about this place was ""what a corny name for a cafe"".	statement	db
A phenomenal Telok Ayer Neighborhood Cafe where the food is fresh, healthy, and excellent.	statement	db
But when pointed out the issue is always quickly resolved.	statement	db
The passion of several entrepreneurs, who has worked in various sectors including F&B, advertising, hotels and even in fitness lead to the formation of an industrial-chic cafe called My Awesome Cafe.	statement	db
Located below the creative agency Mangham Gaxiola, it occupies the what previously is Chung Hwa Free Clinic and specializes in all-day breakfast, salads, sandwiches, coffees, teas, beers and liquor.	statement	db
Anyone who does not like bitterness may not like this even as the right amount of milk is added into the coffee.	statement	db
I enjoy perusing for what to eat in peace and not rushed, thank you.	statement	db
Also, as a Westerner, I expect certain things when I eat - like napkins and a clean eating space.	statement	db
Walking over to the beautifully restored marketplace, we were hit with the overwhelming smell of satay (I wonder why my craving for satay came from) and we were soon eyeing up the BBQ pits to find the best smelling one.	statement	db
From what I can work out (going on semi-snippets of information from my mother), the inside of the hawker centre is a free for all, the satay stands have ""claimed"" certain seating areas and you therefore have to order from those stalls depending on where you sit.	statement	db
Well you've gotta eat when you are in Singapore.	statement	db
Understandable as to why it's a favorite in Singapore, but definitely not something I could eat everyday.	statement	db
But try to go early around 11am, when the stalls are just starting to open and the lunch rush hour hasn't begun.	statement	db
Also known as Telok Ayer Market, this was traditionally the old market in Singapore's central business district where fishermen could come to sell their daily catch.	statement	db
I didn't know where to begin honestly, they all looked sooo good.	statement	db
The SR was less impressed with his chicken rice, but I guess, that's the chance you take when picking from the horn of plenty.	statement	db
A worthy mention is the drinks counter, separate from the food counters, where you can purchase fresh fruit juice, so fresh it's prepared right in front of you.	statement	db
So after figuring out where the line was I did the same... ordered the Lo Bak n char Kwei Teoh.	statement	db
I don't get it.. a wok was used but why no 'wok hei'!!	statement	db
For those who wanted to experience hawker style dining then this is it.	statement	db
Satay bbq area is just outside where seats are  also available, touts w preset menu will show u what are available.	statement	db
Definitely one of the places to visit when in Singapore.	statement	db
I made 3-4 rounds not knowing what to order.	statement	db
Go there at night when its cooler and all other shops are closing up.	statement	db
Try their sashimi bowl for S$8.90 and you'd get what I mean.	statement	db
Pick what you want from a huge selection of food stalls.	statement	db
Well known for its satay and hawker type eateries, you can find plenty of traditional local food and it will be hard to choose what to have!	statement	db
It's small which means there is a longer line, but that is ok is you expect it, what is not though is seeing the same scoop being used for several toppings and the need to request sauce on the side instead of it being standard.	statement	db
Ultimately, the research I had performed looking through local/Singapore reviews won out and I found myself drifting over to Ah Tai to try the food from the person that originally made Tian Tian's chicken what it is today.	statement	db
I tried to go to Tien Tien, the original place that Anthony Bourdain ate at but it was closed when i went.	statement	db
Good thing there was a good samaritan who translated for us!	statement	db
Do not forget the ginger sauce as well, this adds a kick to the taste when you eat it.	statement	db
This is especially so when you need nice food on Mondays, where a lot of stalls tend not to be open.	statement	db
Locals who are in the know line up for this chicken rice.	statement	db
Since I tried Tian Tian last time when I was in town, which I enjoyed, this time I decided to give Ah Tai Chicken Rice a try.	statement	db
If you ever had chicken rice in Bangkok, you will probably know what I mean...	statement	db
This was the chef of that stall, when it won the acclaim of several celebrity chefs.	statement	db
I heard all about the chicken rice spat and I came to the Maxwell Food Centre (in late Dec 2012) to try Ah Tai's chicken rice to find out for myself what the commotion was about... but I only heard crickets.	statement	db
Overall, Ah Tai Chicken Rice is worth the money and I will recommend to any one who likes to eat chicken rice in Singapore	statement	db
the chicken rice war between the two has been well-documented, so we were eager to decide who was the winner.	statement	db
the plate of chicken itself was quite small (much smaller than what i remember from tian tian, although it may be b/c it was a meal special).	statement	db
It doesn't help that even though there are a total of 4 stalls selling chicken rice, the queues at Ah Tai are always long so be sure to get there early to avoid disappointment (he closes when everything is sold out).	statement	db
And if and when you managed to get a reservation for their Omakase dinner, you'll be in for an adventure of your lifetime!	statement	db
I read the reviews, was really interested, tried to get a reservation for two for dinner with no success, went there and check the place out and the lady said reservation are full till goodness knows when (ok... She didn't say that, I did, cos I really don't remember what she said...)...	statement	db
So I sat next to an initially empty seat (lady was waiting for her man) and the other side of me, shortly came a lady who does not know what personal space is.	statement	db
Looking at the menu, I actually have no idea what to have.	statement	db
I have not been but this would really put me off... Or maybe it's just my luck to sit between two persons who lift their arms up to the chicken wing state to eat, without regard for me.	statement	db
I'm not sure what paste this is (probably minced tuna belly) but it sure was yummy, especially with the light spicy spring onions.	statement	db
Omakase style dining works terribly well for me who just cannot bring myself to order out of the usual.	statement	db
I should probably return with my friends who are regulars to see if I can get more hits than ok-dishes for my omakase.	statement	db
To be updated when that happens!	statement	db
I usually like having hot green tea with my japanese meal, but we ended up ordering ice water half way through the meal, and we are not the only one who did it.	statement	db
Yes, it does get stuffy when the restaurant is full and the stoves are boiling.	statement	db
My tastebuds were in for a treat that day, and I didn't know if I deserved... After all, I was originally on my way home to reheat some leftovers when my mates rang me up with this good news.	statement	db
It's a counter, you're going to smell (of oil and grease, very very badly), but the food being churned out is of excellent quality, generally delicious, and I can see why people keep going back.	statement	db
I would actually say that while the omakase is enjoyable, it wasn't very filling (again with this filling thing, I'm quite the black hole when it comes to food), but some of the dishes were very creative and overall the meal is rather enjoyable especially since you're paying between $60-$80 dollars for it.	statement	db
That's really where Teppei shines, and frankly, I don't think I'll ever order anything else.	statement	db
I can't tell you exactly what is in there besides some sashimi pieces and a bunch of goodness but trust me.. You will love it.	statement	db
always nice to see folks who care about their craft and making a good meal.	statement	db
Often, I feel that I am back in Tokyo whenever I step into this restaurant where the clientele seems to be 70% Japanese and 30% Locals.	statement	db
At lunch, they have tempura sets and a daily special - and if you are lucky to be there when the daily special's the sashimi on rice, you're set.	statement	db
It's funny, I have never thought of myself as someone who cares about service or ambience at all, I care mostly about the food, but there is just something about the delivery of this place that doesn't sit well with me.	statement	db
And indulgence for when you want omakase but it isn't payday.	statement	db
But the lunch queue is worse when you're standing here in the sweltering heat and you only have a limited amount of time for lunch!	statement	db
We had no idea that the innocently named sashimi rice would pack so much punch and wished we were informed its contents by the servers when we were asked to choose.	statement	db
To me, what I loved about Teppei is getting to try new ingredients in small servings within a reasonably priced omakase set menu.	statement	db
Teppei is japanese food joint where all the seats are countertop seats, and you see the chef preparing the food up close.	statement	db
The Omakase comes highly recommended, where for $40 to $60 you completely leave you fate in the the chefs hands, and allow him to feed you what he feel like on that day.	statement	db
$60+ for 16 plates... some of the fun was trying to recite off what we'd eaten post-meal!	statement	db
I would definitely skip the oyster (a severe aversion to oysters means I'm probably biased in this regard) and also pass on the fish guts which was served a tiny square of feta cheese - well that's what we thought the white cube was.	statement	db
Also, some dishes were not actually explained but just handed to us, so that more often than not we had to ask them what we were eating.	statement	db
Every course was a surprise so we were always excited to see what was coming next.	statement	db
From what I have heard, the full-on buffet is not a regular happening, but on this day, there was a celebration in town (we went at the end of May), which was the partial reason for the buffet.	statement	db
It's a gorgeous restaurant in a gorgeous hotel, with an even more gorgeous view, so when The Clifford Pier promoted that they were having a Peranakan Cuisine showcase by guest Chef Philip Chia, I knew we had to give it a try.	statement	db
The version served here is easier on the palette for those who do not like the taste of beancurd skin or fermented bean paste.	statement	db
And at S$48 per adult, it's expensive fare for what it is.	statement	db
They were very accommodating when I mentioned I didn't want peanuts and red beans inside my ice kacang.	statement	db
Ambience - classy and cosy Food - can be better Service - good The restaurant is overlooking Marina Bay Sands and is situated right on the spot of the old Clifford Pier where people board the boats to go to nearby islands.	statement	db
All this, at 1pm on a weekday, right smack in the CBD, where every table's full.	statement	db
The pork was fatty but over-tenderised, good flavour but nothing more than what I'd expect from a coffeeshop tzi char place.	statement	db
Food here was okay not great and seemed a bit overpriced for what it is.	statement	db
$200 for 2 (no drinks) is a little steep for what came out though.	statement	db
My husband threw in an order for a side of fries after everything arrived because the portions weren't enough to feed two people who had completed the #FilthyFifty #Crossfit workout earlier that day.	statement	db
A fraction of the menu is now devoted to the ""raw"" bar where diners can choose from lobsters, scallops, tuna to be done steamed, broiled and served cold, or torched.	statement	db
The scampi ($18 for 3pcs) which resembled a baby lobster, turned out ridiculously sweet when dipped in the fragrant seafood-infused butter sauce.	statement	db
I am usually quite lazy when it comes to de-shelling crabs but I gladly make an exception for these brown crabs ($69) which were delicate and meaty.	statement	db
But size doesn't count when it comes to oysters as it seems like the majority of us preferred the smaller speciales oceanes from France ($9/pc) as they were milky, sweet but not too overwhelming.	statement	db
They are so generous with the crab meat that I was startled when I took a bite of it.	statement	db
While it is perfectly alright to skip the aesthetic aspect for home-cooked dishes, the presentation of this fish should not be less emphasized, especially when diners are forking out more than an average of $40 for a dish.	statement	db
Nonetheless, a full dinner here does not come cheap so it is more suitable as the place for special occasions when you feel like pampering yourselves or your loved ones.	statement	db
From 5p-8p, drinks are 1 for 1 (i.e., buy 1 get 1 free), which makes it one of the only places where I've ever gotten a beer for $5 bucks in Singapore!	statement	db
The service was lacklustre and the waitress who was serving us was clearly not very well trained.	statement	db
She didn't know what was on the daily catch.	statement	db
So when I heard about this place I made a beeline for it and headed down the same day.	statement	db
Me, I knew this was the real deal when upon my being seated, I was immediately presented with a flask of iced water.	statement	db
Yet when I left there were still only 3 other tables.	statement	db
This has happened to me enough times when ordering the cutlet and pieces that I gave up eating here.	statement	db
Gone were the days where you enjoyed your meal under a cooling fan or pay nett prices.	statement	db
Imagine my horror when I saw the bill coming up to $31.80 for 2 pax when it used to be around $23.	statement	db
I found this restaurant during a recent Yelp search when on business in Singapore.	statement	db
I believe that when I try these dishes, I will share that opinion as well!!!	statement	db
The first thing that strikes you when one enters the restaurant is the photos of the chef with customers holding up a large strand of handmade noodle.	statement	db
So it'll be good for those who haven't tried sake before.	statement	db
*CORRECTION: My initial post mentioned Marcus L. as the organizer of this UYE, when in fact it was Cindy Q. Gotta give credit where credit is due.	statement	db
But I saw an expatriate lady who lost..and the staff very nicely gave her a second chance.	statement	db
I am sure it is super healthy and I love that they tell you the calories in each cup, but I feel it is a it gimmicky and too much expensive for what you get.	statement	db
It's what I like to assume is the best balance of carbs and veggies ;)  Admittedly, service was a bit spotty, but not enough to deter me from enjoying my experience.	statement	db
The setting is reminiscent of a cafe by a cobblestone paved street in France and it was one of those days where I needed the peace the memory invoked.	statement	db
It's partly my fault for not asking what kind of chickpea soup but that combination was atrocious and oddly bland coupled with my dislike for truffle.	statement	db
It's most delicious forms are melted and oozing over a savory dish or in a burrata or stracciatella form when it is paired with fruity olive oils, nuts, and a rich fruit.	statement	db
Love places where they just focus on what they do well.	statement	db
Service was great as we were served by Kirby who recommended everything.	statement	db
After the two appetizers, we basically told him to just get us what he likes most from the menu for the rest of our meal and we ended up leaving very happy.	statement	db
That's fine though if you're going in a large group, family style, which is what I'd recommend anyway.	statement	db
apparently, restaurant week menu is only available to those who make advance reservations.	statement	db
some guests actually moved indoors when it started to rain.	statement	db
For those who appreciate casual settings with a happening vibe and reasonable prices.	statement	db
I love this section of Duxton Hill because it reminds me of Europe, what with the cobble-stoned road and lush trees lining each side of it.	statement	db
I found this place while trying to figure out where Entrecote was.	statement	db
I'll start with what I liked about it.	statement	db
I'm not sure why they decided that metal sheeting was a good way to decorate the ceilings, but don't come here expecting a quiet, romantic dining experience.	statement	db
Group Therapy offers a casual environment for people to enjoy brunch and/or coffee in a loose setting where you don't feel rushed out the door.	statement	db
It is best if you visit on a friday or saturday where they open till late!	statement	db
My partner and I were seated at a table for four, nursing our drinks and conversing, when a waitress came up to us saying ""Excuse me, you're sharing this table with someone else.""	statement	db
But in Singapore, where people eat not just for sustenance but as a way to relax and socialize, this place barely even made it on my list of go-to places for brunch.	statement	db
The sad thing is, Group Therapy's intended vision was to be a place where people connect over food.	statement	db
Everything about this café is what brunch should be.	statement	db
Came here for brunch with my husband and one of his friends since it's right around the corner from where we live.	statement	db
I had such a hard time deciding on what to eat..	statement	db
It's embarrassing when I rave about a place to my kakis and when I finally force everyone at gunpoint to grab a meal here, the food sucks.	statement	db
That's what happened a couple of weeks ago.	statement	db
I don't like guessing what kind of quality I'll get.	statement	db
Everyone who works there is great.	statement	db
Fully staffed, but I still had to air traffic control someone over when I wanted something.	statement	db
I really enjoyed the shepherd's pie, although it wasn't exactly what I was expecting.	statement	db
But I'm always impressed when a place surprises me some decent beers on the menu.	statement	db
They certainly know what they are drinking!	statement	db
It isn't along the line of star hacks and the like where you order, wait for your coffee and no one bothers with you.	statement	db
The very competent women who run Group Therapy are always pleasant.	statement	db
For those who does not appreciate sweetness in your salty foods, do not get it.	statement	db
It was located right across from where I was staying.	statement	db
We were a little confused cos we are not sure where the ""outside"" was and how it's like vs inside as it was our first time.	statement	db
But we won't waste our dollars on bad service and as customers, I will be very silly to spend money at a place where we are clearly not welcome and pay to have someone give me attitude.	statement	db
The other servers could only stare in surprise when we walked out and didn't even bother to ask if they could assist or what's the issue.	statement	db
The hostess was no where in sight.	statement	db
One of the best tapas places Ive been to, where everything actually tastes great.	statement	db
This was part of the seafood platter which included the octopus (which were super soft, tasty, and not rubbery), and the black mussels (which the gravy was such a heaven when paired with bread).	statement	db
We also ordered the croquttes, which bursted of flavour when we sunk our teeth into it.	statement	db
It's a pity that the overall dining experience was kinda dampened by the rowdy crowd outside where you'll find drunk expatriates looking for cheap drinks from their neighbors.	statement	db
Even though it doesn't have as many kind of fruits when compared to other restaurants, at least I can taste the wine in it!	statement	db
I came expecting little and walked away thinking when else I can find an excuse to come back.	statement	db
Tremendous and excellent selection of Spanish wines - whites, reds, cavas, dulces, sherrys - I was dizzy with what to go with.	statement	db
You know it's well cured when all you taste is the sweetness of the cured meat (an amateur-cured Jamon will leave u with the slight smell of pork).	statement	db
Also do not know why it is rated $$$$, it is really $$-$$$.	statement	db
We also chatted with the chef a bit too, who was friendly and passionate, just as you'd expect.	statement	db
I was showed to a counter who offered a great view of the chefs making desserts.	statement	db
And I got most of the dishes served straight from the chefs, who also explained about the dishes themselves.	statement	db
Back to dinner -  What we found out after we opted for the shorter classic menu was that the menu only gives a preview of what you will get.	statement	db
However, what you actually get is far from anything you would imagine in terms of appearance, flavors and the whole creative package.	statement	db
Unfortunately I wasn't able to understand much at all of what the chefs were describing, but I'll do my best.	statement	db
I was a little bit taken back by this, not sure how I feel about the chef serving what looked like poop to us.	statement	db
Then had a shooter that was incredible but don't know what it was.	statement	db
2) Eel first course which wasn't prepared like what we were expecting (unagi style) but done extremely nicely and beautifully with garnishes that looked like an artwork but each of them carrying a punch of flavor.	statement	db
This is what culinary creativity is in its finest.	statement	db
This is a must experience when in Singapore!	statement	db
Not sure what was going on there.	statement	db
It was bland and dispersed when you cut into it.	statement	db
We scored the last table in the restaurant and after selecting what I expected to be a simply two course lunch was treated to a couple of appetizers and a pallet cleanser.	statement	db
Every dish was well thought out, balancing flavorsome, textures, and spices; the wait staff were very well trained and always happy to help; having the meals explained by the kitchen staff too always highlights what is important to them.	statement	db
Problem is, it also tastes very much like cough syrup, so while this was a little tough to drink in its entirety, those who like jaegermeister will love this.	statement	db
Time flies when you're busy stuffing your face with hawker food.)	statement	db
and when Tippling Club closes, a perfect excuse to go home.	statement	db
Would certainly reccomend this outfit to everyone who is adventurous with their spirits and is looking for a perfect place to start out a night of drinking and fun!	statement	db
On the other, Dempsey Hill is a little bit of a trek from where we are, or anywhere really, it looks like.	statement	db
We've sipped consommes from test tubes here, eaten mustard ice cream, chomped on seaweed crisps, had carrots 3 ways,  imbibed foams and broths and air and what not.	statement	db
Overall definitely no where close to authentic Mexican food but considering their tacos are typically $18 it is a steal.	statement	db
This seems to be a genuinely good place on a street that other seems to hold some less nice establishments (or perhaps it depends on what one is looking for).	statement	db
The locations is very good for those who work in the CBD so would assume it gets packed by people grabbing beer after work.	statement	db
The feel of the place reminds me more of what I am used to finding in San Diego than in Singapore.	statement	db
I also like that they are both friendly and knowledgeable about the beers, no problem to ask questions and get spot on recommendations based on descriptions of what preferences one may have.	statement	db
I just sampled the grilled cheese sandwich and it was good for what it was.	statement	db
The bread was the thick Texas toast kind, not the thin kind that gets pressed into a cracker when making grilled cheese.	statement	db
The guy who made my popiahs couldn't roll the skin without tearing it.	statement	db
The tall slim young chef who served my omakase was obviously at the tail or the beginning of a cold.	statement	db
Here at Shinji, I kept trying to find what makes this place different than any other upper tiered sushi restaurant and I couldn't find it.	statement	db
I like thinking that I can leave a sushi place knowing what made it so good other than ""the fish tasted so fresh"" and ""the fish melted in your mouth"" but again just didn't leave here with that.	statement	db
Then again, it does enjoy an unfair advantage when they source from Tsukiji fish market rather than locally but if quality and authenticity are what you are after, look no further.	statement	db
At the counter, you can definitely appreciate the chef's skill as well as ask questions - Yoshizawa-san seriously knows where every piece of fish comes from!	statement	db
At the end of the meal, one feels incredibly satisfied and one can only dream of when the next time will be.	statement	db
Recently moved to Singapore and I am always on a lookup for a new places and new go to restaurants and this will be one on my list for some time when here.	statement	db
Like many people say its pricey but this is how it is with food and especially with sushi so when it comes to get a good stuff is good to pay for it good buck.	statement	db
My eyes lit up when i saw the boxes of uni that Chef Oshino brought out.	statement	db
Anyway this update really is to talk about what happened last night.	statement	db
As close as you can get to authentic sushi without the 7 hour commute to Tokyo :) I've only been there at lunch since that's what I can afford now and both times are consistent and good.	statement	db
The waitresses must have refilled my tea cup 7 times, but it was an opaque cup, so they must have been paying attention to the angle of the cup when I was sipping in order to guess how much liquid was still inside.	statement	db
With the size and acoustics of the room, everyone (even when speaking quietly) can hear everyone's conversations.	statement	db
The service was exactly what I expect from a traditional Japanese restaurant.	statement	db
When we sat down, we had a quick conversation about what to order.	statement	db
We didn't know what it was and he would not tell us until we had eaten it.	statement	db
This is probably why there were two mackerel dishes.	statement	db
As someone who doesn't eat sushi everyday, I probably wasn't able to discern the finer points of the chef's artistry but based on what I could observe, the sushi was both delicious and beautiful.	statement	db
I finally understood why they put so much damn effort into making the rice warm, slightly tart yet sweet.	statement	db
It makes complete sense when everything comes together in your mouth long enough before disintegrating into a carb-high bliss.	statement	db
However, when it comes to fresh sashimi and authentic sushi, it is often hard to measure up to Japan's standard.	statement	db
Of course, one can specify beforehand what one does not eat and the chef will take care not to include that in the meal.	statement	db
Thus, after watching the hunger-inducing documentary Jiro dreams of sushi, I felt compelled to try the real deal at what is considered one of the best sushi restaurants in Singapore.	statement	db
I recommend you to get the most expensive menu, because the difference is quite stark and hey, when you splurge, splurge all the way!	statement	db
Food : The otoro tuna was pretty good, but what really blew me away was the unagi sushi.	statement	db
Being a bit of a philistine when it comes to sushi, I ordered mine mostly aburi and even some hotate foie gras sushi just to hit the spot.	statement	db
Ambience : Nice place for a business lunch or when you're feeling flush.	statement	db
I waited to write a review because I wanted to make sure my first trip wasn't an anomaly  I don't understand why everyone is so crazy about this place.	statement	db
Some options come in multiples of 1, 3, 6 or 10 so make sure to carefully discern quantity when making your selections.	statement	db
Thus no mystery as to when you'll be seated.	statement	db
EFFICIENCY LADIES AND GENTS IS THE NAME OF THE GAME WHEN GOING TO MOST PLACES IN SINGAPORE.	statement	db
Before traveling to Singapore for work, I checked out some Yelp reviews to see what the restaurants close to my hotel offered.	statement	db
Din Tai Fung is a great place to take first-time visitors to Singapore, especially when you're on a moderate budget.	statement	db
I dream of Din Tai Fung when I'm in the states.	statement	db
One day I came here and the hostess was a little rude, and sat couples who came after me, and when it was my turn, she told me that there was a 30 min wait, even though there were two empty tables in the back..	statement	db
But, I think those arriving when we were being seated were probably having a little longer wait.	statement	db
(Which can't be said of every Din Tai Fung I've tried in Singapore)  This is the Joshua list of what you MUST try at Din Tai Fung.	statement	db
This is the one where the noodles and the soup come separate.	statement	db
Not a good value, by any means, and the XLB's where just about the same compared to the Arcadia location.	statement	db
It was rather cramped- you can tell they're trying to maximize space, and when there's only 2 people in your party... well.	statement	db
My zha jiang mien was delicious, and definitely better than what I could replicate at home.	statement	db
You know what the deal is here.	statement	db
Din Tai Fung is one of those places that I always fall back on when we don't feel like being creative with our dining choices, simply because they can do no wrong.	statement	db
Hot chinese tea is also served free-flow throughout your meal, and continuously filled to the point where you filled obliged to drink several pots before saying No!	statement	db
I don't know, and I don't really care, because I just like coming here (and their other outlets) to get my fill of steaming hot soup dumplings, spinach with sesame dressing and when I'm feeling fancy, drunken chicken.	statement	db
Nonetheless, there are a few reasons why you should visit this place,  1.	statement	db
Great place if you have no idea what to eat, they have everything!	statement	db
I had trouble deciding what to get as there were so many permutation and combinations.	statement	db
But these are people who voluntarily eat at Aztecas (American ""Mexican"" chain restaurant).	statement	db
But I believe that it is being prepped and cooked with care and love by the team :) it is not what I will definitely get to visit when I have the chance.	statement	db
Win-win all around (especially when you start thinking of about the carbs + fat + cheese + calories on the menu).	statement	db
Would be great if Vatos increased the tortilla sizes to help customers feel like they were getting what they paid for   Overall great food in a casual fun ambiance.	statement	db
Service was in general great, they were attentive and also served us some complimentary snacks when we had to wait a bit (actually not very long) for our food.	statement	db
The tacos I sampled were all great but the Galbi Short ribs and the Barbacoa Pork where in a league of their own.	statement	db
This just might be my new go-to when I'm craving sit-down Mexican.	statement	db
The menu isn't extensive but enough to make you ponder about what to order.	statement	db
We looked at the menu for a good 10 minutes before we decided on what to order.	statement	db
The kor-mex fusion is done very nicely; almost bringing me back to LA / Itaewon  I wouldn't recommend seating outside though - i think that's where the kitchen ventilators get released , it smells too much of oil for my liking.	statement	db
The vatos burrito with kalbi(can choose different meats) was ok. Not great but ok. Kalbi, kimchi, fries etc sounds like it should be good but actually it's a bit too solid a food when compacted together.	statement	db
After checking into my hotel, checked out Yelp to see what restaurants in the area may be appealing.	statement	db
It's tough to find good Mexican food in singapore which is why this place is a gem.	statement	db
I was seated at the bar right away, visiting right when they open at noon on a Tuesday.	statement	db
I'll basically co-sign what Debbie wrote.	statement	db
I do wonder where they get their avocados from tho lol	statement	db
It doesn't suck but when you're spoilt for choice in a place like S'pore, being mediocre doesn't you any favours.	statement	db
The meat portions were generous without the 'sick-unbutton-my-pants-i-have-over-eaten' feeling you get when you indulge on traditional mexican food.	statement	db
It's a different style of Mexican fusion from what you get in California with the gogi trucks- it's a less-spicy and healthier (with more veggies and ingredients) that truly fit the Korean palette.	statement	db
So I was a bit dubious when I first heard of this new restaurant.	statement	db
I'll be sure to visit again when I get back to Singapore in a few months.	statement	db
If you've ever wanted to know what wholesome felt like, getting the Barbacoa Pork tacos or burrito will give you that experience on your tastebuds.	statement	db
I don't know why I waited months before I tried Vatos out, but I eventually did and have been there five times since April.	statement	db
We were not too far away, when I decided to open my app and see what was around me.	statement	db
We even talked to the guy who runs the place and he is also a West Coast California native.	statement	db
If you crave for some mixed meals of Mexican and Korean, Vatos will be where to go.	statement	db
Recommend the fish tacos ($14 for 3) and the chicken chimi tacos($14 for 3)  We were put off by the price of the drinks but when they were served, we had no qualms about the price for they were ENORMOUS.	statement	db
I came here from LA and remember when the Kogi taco truck craze first started.	statement	db
I'm very picky when it comes to Mexican food and this hit the spot.	statement	db
Food is great, place is clean, buffet style, and pay what you think is fair.	statement	db
However the management was fairly rude - as soon as we entered an elderly lady asked us if we had reservation and since we didn't have one she gave a discourse on how we should have a reservation on weekends and that too when 50% of the restaurant was empty!!	statement	db
Makes me wonder where else they're taking shortcuts on cleanliness.	statement	db
You can ask for buttermilk or lassi, depending on what they offer for the day.	statement	db
Food is very average as its made by volunteers who have a different day job.	statement	db
Good for when you are in a charitable mood.	statement	db
I thought my girlfriend and I were ""under-giving"" when we each left $10 for our dinner, but I've heard from a number of people who have visited Annalakshmi that this is an appropriate amount to give.	statement	db
Note: feel free to dress casually, but make sure what you're wearing is respectful.	statement	db
""Eat what you want, give what you feel""  Yes, Annalakshmi is THAT restaurant, the one that doesn't charge but leaves it to you to offer what you wish to.	statement	db
Food was spot on and would probably pay twice to three times what I paid in the states.	statement	db
This place is very interesting as it is run totally by volunteers and patrons pay what they like.	statement	db
I can't describe why it's so good.	statement	db
A famous chain in SG conveniently located in the city provides the authentic SG Chilli Crab experience but what was more unique was the Claypot Crab Bee Hoon Soup, absolutely delicious.	statement	db
The ingredients were finely sliced, not like certain places where you get thick strips.	statement	db
I made a bad joke about how when the guy is a playboy, the girl gets jealous, hence the sour taste.	statement	db
My friends who ordered rice ended up pouring the soup over their rice and ate it like porridge :P  Signature Butter crab - I've never tasted butter crab as good as the Mellben style before, and by the end of dinner, I was drinking the butter sauce off my plate.	statement	db
Anything from little plastic covers for your phone to remembering which tea you were drinking, my favorite example of the night was when they offered to tame the spice of our mala broth after they happened to walk by and heard an off the cuff comment from me about my numb lips.	statement	db
I signed up for a manicure but we were eating when they were ready for me so I skipped it.	statement	db
Everything else was very good but what I expect at hot pot.	statement	db
The plus point is that the service is great (especially given that they are all from China where service is questionable), they also have lots of other entertainment while you wait.	statement	db
Service was great, food fantastic complete with a dude who randomly comes up and starts dancing while twirling noodles....dude was like a rhythmic gymnast.	statement	db
the seafood ""platter"" comes in a plastic plate and the 3 pieces of mussel, 2 shrimps and I forgot what else all lump together....Service....the waitresses are keen but I'm not used to all the rush in putting the whole plate of raw beef into the hot pot, while there are other cooked food in the pot......not a good hot pot manner to mix raw and cooked food together....the veggie and noodle all got overcooked when the beef is ready....mmmm.....The dessert is also lame....disappointed....	statement	db
Well well, when i heard people rave about this hotpot located at the heart of Clark Quay area.	statement	db
Staff did not speak english(at least the ones who served us) but it worked out as we had a Chinese speaking person with us... Order the noodles and watch the noodle dance..fascinating!	statement	db
Very long wait but we made reservation and then went across the way for a drink and waited and they then called us when ready so not too bad.	statement	db
Well, I'm sure anyone who complains at Hai Di Lao Hot Pot needs to see a Psychiatrist.	statement	db
(Or you can be like my cousin and I who insisted to have it on our lap instead).	statement	db
- Unless I'm chugging my tea, my glass usually gets to half-empty when a REFILL is provided.	statement	db
Even offering tips on when each ingredient should go in for maximum flavor.	statement	db
(Hey, don't look at me...it doesn't matter what liquid it is...I am a freaking camel.	statement	db
I won't cover the waiting times and what you can do while waiting because every other reviewer has mentioned them.	statement	db
In no other Chinese restaurant here in Singapore do I find such great customer service from the staff who are friendly, accommodating, and gives good recommendations for your food.	statement	db
There's also 2 manicurists at the entrance where you can get your nails done for free, but the wait is even longer than that for the restaurant.	statement	db
Would definitely come here again when I have the time to!	statement	db
Thankfully, I happen to be part of the vacation-ing class of Singaporeans who have nothing better to do on a Monday at lunchtime than to indulge in some authentic ma la hot pot.	statement	db
We were pleasantly surprised when we were promptly ushered to a spot.	statement	db
It would be great if the iPads used to place orders could have an English version of the menu - to help tourists and those of us who are Mandarin-challenged!	statement	db
When I first read about this restaurant on a friend's facebook post, I couldn't believe what I read.	statement	db
From what I remembered, for weekdays, the last reservation is at 6.30pm and for weekends, the last reservation is at 6pm.	statement	db
I have to apologise that its freshness in food and impeccable service cannot save this expensive restaurant for getting such a rating from me, having too much salt is equivalent of consuming a beautifully decorated cake w poison Its bill didnt come cheap (for two adults & a kid who are totally small eaters) - close to S$90!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	statement	db
Just be cautious of the pool of oil when you remove your food from the pot.	statement	db
Just the same type of hot pot you can get anywhere in Singapore or just go at a time when there are not too many people.	statement	db
It is run by a real German chef, Erich, who has been serving in Singapore for several years.	statement	db
In a place where I find it tough to find much meat, this is a sure stop to get yourself a hefty bratwurst.	statement	db
At least to me to hawker centers are vital to what Singapore is about - food is an important part of the culture and the hawker center offer a lot of different opportunities to sample a great variety of food at decent prices.	statement	db
This results in  some who have refined the quality of their offerings to world-class standards at very, very affordable prices.	statement	db
Ah Tai turned out to be the cook who worked for Tin Tin and opened his own place.	statement	db
This was one of my favorite hawker centers I went to when I visited Singapore.	statement	db
You can walk around and compare prices, and see what each place has to offer.	statement	db
It's busy but not insanely packed when I went  Food: I went to Tien Tien's Hainan Chicken, and it's a must!	statement	db
With about one hundred different places serving a dizzying array of aromatic and appetizing fares, we were mystified by the choices and unable to decide what to eat.	statement	db
For the ones who are not familiar with food courts, a food court is a place where you have multiple food stalls.	statement	db
No matter what your choice of food is, you will not be disappointed.	statement	db
Don't miss it when you are in Singapore.	statement	db
Gave it a 4 star because there was a wafting unclean smell in one part of the center but it's outdoors so what could you really expect.	statement	db
We lined up where the longest queues were and bought some porridge, chicken rice (supposedly the #1 in the country), dim sum and noodles.	statement	db
We walked out questioning why this place is ranked so well while there are other hawker centers that are as good...even better.	statement	db
This Hawker center is where my first meal in Singapore happened.	statement	db
Still, the food stalls are heaven for someone who loves food.	statement	db
Buns - I don't remember where the buns came from, but the stall basically only sold buns and I had pretty much one of each.	statement	db
I didn't like that the char siu bun had cooked cilantro in it (I love cilantro, but hate it when its been cooked), but it was still yummy as well as the pork-filled bun.	statement	db
It may be weird for people who aren't familiar with it, but its basically a ""health"" drink.	statement	db
*sad face*  Then I found a thai vendor at the main entrance who made me seafood and vegetable fried rice.	statement	db
It's, however, very crowded, and quite expensive for what it is.	statement	db
Every neighbourhood has a hawker who makes decent chicken rice ""properly"" and it will be more ""authentic"" as well as tastier and a lot faster than queuing.	statement	db
If you want the atmosphere, go to level 6 at Plaza Singapura instead, where you'll find an ""authentic"" A/C food court filled with actual Singaporeans filling up after their shopping (and yes, the queue at Riverside is totally worth it, and very fast).	statement	db
Also, they mostly have round tables that seat about 6 which makes for some awkward social interaction when you really just want to bury your head in a pile of noodles.	statement	db
You can easily eat and drink for around 5-6$ so really, what are you waiting for!	statement	db
In additional, what is more important is that you can still find ""authentic local food"" that has been in business for many years.	statement	db
We also made do with some roast pork and duck and washed it all down with what is now one of my favorite beverages in SE Asia:  Water chestnut drink.	statement	db
Exactly what you expect from a Hawker Stand.	statement	db
I had no idea what is good here besides the famous Tian Tian Chicken Rice stall.	statement	db
Does anybody know what happened to the screaming uncle who ran the minced meat noodle/fishball soup/etc...	statement	db
And it will normally taste pretty good when it's hot!	statement	db
Ok, I can see why all the hype to come here.	statement	db
It is what dreams are made of.	statement	db
The silky and milky broth at Jin Hua Sliced Fish Bee Hoon is what drives the line of people at this stall.	statement	db
I do find it is misleading that despite the name of the stall having the word bee hoon in it, the noodles used look more like lai noodles (round, thick, and slippery noodles) rather than what I've come to know as bee hoon (thin rice noodles).	statement	db
The portions are smaller than that of what you get in the US, but it's just my size!	statement	db
If you don't know what to eat, sit down and share a table with the locals, they'll tell you what's good!	statement	db
Very close to where I stay where when in Singapore.	statement	db
Even when it's really busy you can still find a place to sit.	statement	db
As with anywhere in Singapore, if you are unsure of where to eat, just jump in a line and you'll probably be assured of a good meal.	statement	db
And frankly I don't think the stalls here are that superior than what you find in a local joint.	statement	db
Punters who come by every day may not be a big fan of the crowd, but lining up for your favourite stalls is always worth it in the end!	statement	db
I finally made it to Singapore and what a treat!	statement	db
I always wondered what all the fuss was about for plain chicken and rice but this dish is something else!	statement	db
My dad, who hates chicken, liked it!	statement	db
Foods stall after food stall, we decided on some prawn dumplings, chicken and scallion dumplings, fresh papaya fruit smoothie/juice and our dabble at the famous chicken and rice dish that is a must have specialty when visiting Singapore.	statement	db
Beer is cheap, the service is fast and curt, so be ready with your order when you get to the front of the queue.	statement	db
Back at home where we live, no food court that is organize like these food courts.	statement	db
Give yourself some time because either one of these food courts is make you spend some time walking around and just looking for what they have.	statement	db
Follow my photos to see which stalls I visited and what I ate.	statement	db
This place is one of the food havens of Singapore where you can find one of the best foods in almost every local Singapore flavours category.	statement	db
The chicken that taste so good was and is cooked by a person called Ah Tai who opened a stall 2 stalls down now.	statement	db
Back in the day when I lived in Singapore for a bit, I'd walk to Maxwell nearly every weekend for a meal of some sort.	statement	db
Nowadays, I have to make at least one stop in when I'm in town.	statement	db
Maxwell is as old school as it gets when it comes to hawker centers in Singapore, the variety is awesome, and quality top notch.	statement	db
Love this hakkar centre but it is CLOSED ON MONDAYS contrary to what it says all over the internet.	statement	db
Where else can you find a chicken rice set for Sg$5 and fried kuey teow for Sg$3, just to give you a preview of what you'll be charged.	statement	db
Came here on a late night so not many shops where open.	statement	db
I was left clutching the bottle of habanero sauce attempting to add some zing to what was left sitting on my plate.	statement	db
There is also the Sauteed Kahlua-glazed Bananas ($14) for those who are less keen on deep-fried food.	statement	db
Spice-wise, the dishes are tuned to a temperate palette, yet there were moments during the feast when I thought I was eating Indian briyani.	statement	db
Everything was a pretty good rendition of what I'm used to back home in Texas, but nothing really could compare to even middle of the road tex-mex places.	statement	db
I'll just reiterate what others have said: get a few friends and get the giant jug of magarita!	statement	db
I can't think of anywhere else in Singapore where you can get a Mexican menu as comprehensive as this.	statement	db
I'm not sure if we got the wrong thing or if they don't have the same impression of what pork green chile is.	statement	db
I've been coming here for years since the days when we had a fairly boring F&B scene and the Brewerkz/Iguana combo was magical and new.	statement	db
I still come here from time to time when I want straight up decent margaritas or other poison spiked with lots of tequila, and snacky food.	statement	db
I'm not really a fan of Mexican food so I've never really eaten much but their margaritas by the jug are really something you cannot miss when you come here.	statement	db
I was hungry and it was already 9 pm so I logged into Chope to see what I can eat this late and saw these guys come up.	statement	db
Living in NYC before and making a good number of trips throughout Italy, I've become a bit jaded when it comes to burrata.	statement	db
I was not sure about this place (because of its name), but when I tried it I was pleasantly surprised!	statement	db
I wanted to be able to write a better review than only 2 stars, I really did, but when both of us were disappointed in our meals, 2 stars is about the best we could do.	statement	db
The food was horrendously prepared cheaply and tasteless was not on par as what should be served in any restaurant.	statement	db
This is what happens when the friend you're visiting is also a vegetarian.	statement	db
For what we got at Whole Earth, we could have gotten a lot more at 8 Treasures Vegetarian.	statement	db
I love trying out different veg restaurants so that I can compare one to another and know what I prefer, etc.	statement	db
Texture and taste were like a water chestnut/lotus root mix, not sure where the tofu came in really.	statement	db
We were still looking through the menu when a waitress came up to us to inform us  that a group of 6 had just arrived and we should try to place our orders now to avoid a long wait.	statement	db
So it always bothers me when they make the vegetarian dishes all about meat substitutes.	statement	db
When I arrived I wasn't sure what to expect beside the restaurant was not impressive when u walk in you will notice the plastic on top of the tables, but the good thing is there is a huge upstairs that is great for large parties.	statement	db
the portions are huge and meant for more than 2. haven't really tried anything unsatisfactory here before but the wait can be long at times especially when crowded.	statement	db
Just mark on the paper what dim-sum you would like.	statement	db
And order more of what you like.	statement	db
For service, this is exactly what you need from a chinese restaurant.	statement	db
For food, this restaurant delivers what it promised: Cantonese cuisine!	statement	db
Personally I like coming when they just open in the morning to enjoy my dim sum and tea in peace and quiet.	statement	db
This is the kind of Chinese restaurant where the food is not slammed down or rushed.	statement	db
This dish was mashed taro that was deep fried where the outside was deliciously crispy (not hard) with a melt in your mouth mashed taro inside.	statement	db
It might be a result of me having tried some of the dishes before in Copenhagen, at a jointed Andre and Amass event, at a much lower price, where the variation in the food excited me more.	statement	db
This rather bizare situation is not one I find myself in often, but it does tend to occur when the dishes just feels like a small variation of the same textures and flavours.	statement	db
The service was for the most part very professional and informative, but we had a few instances during the evening where they failed to live up to the expectations that I have for a restaurant at this level.	statement	db
Andre boasts fresh sublime ingredients that marry well with each other (I normally think that when people use the word marry with regards to food, they're a pretentious lot!	statement	db
Just when I think everything is perfect already, Chef Andre himself comes out and talks with us like friends.	statement	db
Rather I want to jump on the Andre bandwagon for what I believe is easily the best fine dining establishment in Singapore.	statement	db
That's what creates loyalty.	statement	db
She was very insistent that we order a Sebastien Riffault Sancerre, and we detected a sneer when we asked about Chardonnays.	statement	db
Unlike most establishments in Singapore, where waitstaff exist to place food on diners' tables, the waitstaff here are like the ones at Michelin starred establishments overseas, where they are knowledgeable about the food, are interesting people, and present the food with a flourish.	statement	db
Again the signage is very subtle so you need to know where you are going, once inside you are greeted & seated in a lounge while you waiter comes to collect you; then you ""journey"" begins.	statement	db
So why did they lose a couple of marks, for very minor things; my water glass was empty on three occasions for long enough for me to have to flag down a waiter and while they take bookings from 7PM they do not open the door even 1 minute early - all very minor things considering how much I loved my visit	statement	db
It has billed itself as a restaurant that reflects the culinary journey and memory of famed chef Andre Chiang, who was born in Taiwan and worked for a long time in France before opening his own in the historical China Town neighborhood.	statement	db
I had never had a dish this magnificent from what looks like risotto, and savored every bite.	statement	db
It has a formal yet very trendy vibe where a lot of young and handsome people from Singapore were hanging out to savor their meal.	statement	db
Chef Andre came to my table for a quick talk, what an amazing chef!	statement	db
and if experiences are the best gifts that you can buy anyone, andre's octaphilosophy experience is what you should gift everyone.	statement	db
The olive tree in front of the building reminded me of South of France, the restaurant was minimalist and tastefully designed more like what I expected of a restaurant this caliber versus Iggy's.	statement	db
A must try when in Singapore.	statement	db
Oh well, we were there so what could we have done.	statement	db
No menu, just a menu of the octa-philosophy describing each one, with no mention of what we would actually be eating that night.	statement	db
While the dishes may change each day due to the availability of produce in the market, the restaurant should offer a printed menu at least after dining so that I can remember what I had and which one of the eight philosophies it was suppose to invoke.	statement	db
""Artisan"" - the waitress starts off by bringing you a tiny strand of something and asks if you can guess what it is, then later you get to see the whole thing.	statement	db
Here is where we opted to share a cheese plate.	statement	db
On the ground floor, there is a chef's dining room that can seat up to 12 people - perfect for special gatherings when you don't want to disturb other diners.	statement	db
We saw a couple in the main dining room that brought their ~ 2  year old daughter who was crawling around the parents and the love seat during the entire meal (which is 3 - 4 hours long).	statement	db
At another table, there was a boy - about 9 years old - who was sitting there with his mother - just the two of them.	statement	db
After eating there, I still think it's kind of pretentious, but when you create food and experiences this good, you have license to be pretentious every now and then.	statement	db
There's no set menu at Andre, because the chef has most of his ingredients imported, like the seafood which comes mostly from Japan, and rather than sticking to a rigid set of dishes and hoping that his suppliers can source what he needs, he simply has them send him whatever is freshest and of the best quality on any given day, and he designs the menu around that.	statement	db
Stefan, who runs the front of the house, is good at gauging the mood of each group of diners, and if you're there for a romantic evening with your significant other he'll keep his space and interrupt you as little as possible, but if you're there with a group then he'll be more talkative, give longer explanations of the dishes and the chef's approach, etc.	statement	db
My mum (who's a huge fan of oysters) said it's a pity she can't just walk into Andre and order 3-4 helpings of this when she feels like it.	statement	db
It was more consistent, every dish was excellent as opposed to the previous time when one or two of the dishes were a little disappointing.	statement	db
I wasn't shown the bottle for the wine we had, and yes it was wine by the glass, but that just meant we had no idea what wine we were drinking!	statement	db
This is what I call reflective dining- you are meant to ponder the chef's take on things with each dish, but not so much that you end up spending more time thinking or being jawboned by the server than gushing in ecstasy with every bite.	statement	db
When you consider things on an international scale, I guess it falls within the interval of 'fair' pricing, considering what you're getting.	statement	db
Though there are brickbats aplenty, let me just say that Andre is a perfectionist on ingredients who worships terroir and provenance.	statement	db
Another thing that goes well for this place is that its an economy rice place so you can try it with other dishes and there is option of having the same curry with a fillet when you are dining alone.	statement	db
As the outlet name suggests, the fish curry is what rocks socks over here.	statement	db
It is actually more of a food court than a restaurant, namely because you can't order all your meals at one point (which is actually really annoying - I had to go to three different counters to get what I want, and only one of them sold water).	statement	db
Plus staff working there and in the area get discount too, making the pricing similar to what you get in other areas.	statement	db
I usually look for something heavier when I order tonkotsu.	statement	db
But when we got there, the line was too long and I was really hungry so we left and ate somewhere else.	statement	db
So I decided to call Ippudo Tao and I was so happy when they said they do take reservations!!	statement	db
I like sitting outside when it's dark (this place opens late so it's a good posh supper place.	statement	db
The overall taste was similar to what I had in Japan, which is probably a compliment of the highest order: the chewiness of the noodles, the tenderness of the pork slices and the richness of the broth was just right.	statement	db
I like to come on weekends, when parking is less of a pain.	statement	db
I understand why people call Ippudo as their No.1 ramen shop in Singapore.	statement	db
The yakitori is good but its not why I come here.	statement	db
They have some wasabi prawns which are pretty much consistently good no matter where I've eaten them.	statement	db
This is where Afterglow comes in, with vegan cuisine served in a chilled environment.	statement	db
In all honestly it's nothing like cheese but it's bloody delicious and I'm pretty sure I ate more than half of my share of what was a shared dish.	statement	db
These are sushi rice rolls packed with kimchi and chickpeas and god knows what vegetables, but they are irresistable.	statement	db
Started off with an amuse bouche in the form of an onion emulsion.. what can i say, it knocked us out of the park.. the flavors were incredible.	statement	db
A must when you're in Singapore.	statement	db
My admission was that from previous French Restaurants, where I paid over $100++ and was still hungry, I was skeptical.	statement	db
Not too many, and those, where the ingredients I couldn't consume such as dairy/grans/carbs, the staff advised that it could be removed, or served on the side.	statement	db
I'm more puzzled with why people patronise the place.	statement	db
I believe it's effective social media marketing, poor products, for the ignorants who wants to be hip to be seen there.	statement	db
Dive into their lemon curd tart and feel that tingle in your bones that you get when you open the best birthday suprise present...ever.	statement	db
The year-old joint has served loyal customers who were first drawn to the smell of freshly baked muffins.	statement	db
I don't work in Shenton way but I managed to pick up a blueberry apple crumble muffin when I was in the area, and had it heated up at home as a snack.	statement	db
I've never been much of a fan of paying much money for, well, what is essentially flour (all you bakers - hold your pitchforks!	statement	db
The best Mondays are when I bring a box of The Muffinry's baked goods with me to the office.	statement	db
Up next is the sea urchin pudding where everyone polished up the small cup-like pudding almost immediately.	statement	db
Mixed cured meat ensued where various cold cuts of lamb and beef were presented to our table.	statement	db
It was pretty hard to pick a wine, when the ""sommelier"" wasn't of much help.	statement	db
Wouldn't have ordered if I knew that was what the pudding was made of.	statement	db
We had: - Sea urchin pudding half order ($22): Ordered this because everyone I knew who went had raved about it.	statement	db
However, it might be too gamey for people who are averse to lamb.	statement	db
Thank you Singapore for yet another great find when I was not really trying; Lolla was empty when we entered at 7:00pm on a Tuesday, so we were uncertain what to expect, but by 8:00pm the place was packed.	statement	db
But best of all, the staff, who was incredibly nice all night, helped me find my credit card, which I had dropped on the street near the restaurant after leaving.	statement	db
For the first half of my dinner, we were seated right beside a group of six who were engaging in an animated conversation, I could hardly hear my friend from across the table.	statement	db
I was shocked when I saw the bill tbh.	statement	db
B, who didn't have a good impression of Lolla, became a convert after this meal.	statement	db
Sometimes owners just need to remember function when they are trying hard to be cool.	statement	db
The venue is hip and it's great for a date (upstairs) or commual dining (downstairs where we were).	statement	db
I can only conclude that those people are slimmer and taller than me, because quite simply there's no way for anyone who doesn't fit both those requirements to sit comfortably on one of those.	statement	db
But, I've have good potatoes elsewhere, so it's hard to understand why it's a signature dish here.	statement	db
It also has a private dining room in a basement area - that's where I had the chance to try out lots of their food!	statement	db
I like that Lolla has a very cool, slightly industrial feel to it what with its concrete flooring and wire cage lampshades.	statement	db
Food was okay and sort of painful given the price and what you get.	statement	db
And what you've read is all true about the squidink pudding with sea urchin.	statement	db
I can definitely understand why they got 5 stars.	statement	db
Wow what a great experience.	statement	db
The hole in the wall gets very crowded when people are trying to decode the menu  and order at the same time.	statement	db
I have tried a lot of the food on the menu, and can say the pulled pork sandwich is what dreams are made of.	statement	db
I also love the super serious face of the chef with his camo apron who occasionally peeks out from the back.	statement	db
One slice of brisket and that was it.. when coupled with the price we paid it was kinda sad.	statement	db
As someone from the states who eats BBQ at least once a month this place is pretty damn legit.	statement	db
Also, you get no sides when you order a main.	statement	db
I really enjoyed the lunch, but the sticker price (S$65 with bottled water) was quite high for a lunch where you split an entree.	statement	db
It is a bit touristy, but who cares!!	statement	db
The service was fast and English Premier League football was on, so I was able to catch up what I missed from the day before.	statement	db
We didn't eat, but we met a local guy who claimed to own the clothes shop diagonally opposite.	statement	db
It was bland  Shrimp cooked where no flavor Anyway you can give it a try but I'm not sure if I will be back	statement	db
My spot near the beer coolers wobbled a bit when people walked near my table.	statement	db
I prefer the open air atmosphere so this is home to me when in Sing.	statement	db
Those who love long waits and inattentive service would disagree with my rating, but those who have a life and don't enjoy waiting around unnecessarily for their lukewarm dishes might think my two star rating to be a bit generous.	statement	db
Their signature collagen soup is another level, and the main reason why people queue around the shopping centre just waiting for a table here.	statement	db
They've got a cute customer loyalty programme where you get a name card describing you as their ""assistant manager"".	statement	db
Known for its hotpot, Tsukada Nojo was pleasantly calm and quiet at lunchtime when they serve ramen using their same signature rich-as-all-get-out chicken collagen broth.	statement	db
And apparently in the same fashion as their hotpot ritual, when your soup comes out, all of the toppings are on the side and you are encouraged to taste the soup through each stage of its evolution, sampling different flavours as you drop in greens, cabbage, egg, chicken, seaweed, and yuzu rind.	statement	db
The staff was quite helpful on recommending what she thought it would be nice.	statement	db
I had the luxury of strawberry shortcake not too long ago, when my colleagues decided that a birthday without a cake is not a birthday.	statement	db
It's not hard to see why the strawberry shortcake is one of PG's bestsellers - airy sponge, light fresh cream, and succulent strawberries.	statement	db
Wee Nam Kee has been my fave chicken rice stall from when it was located at Novena Ville.	statement	db
This will be a recommendation and go to place when you want to have a Chinese feast and want them to be perfectly cooked and delicious.	statement	db
But the steamed chicken and cup of broth is such a comforting meal after a long day or when you get home sick :-)	statement	db
The traditional feel, the many locals, the good food (apart maybe from the egg-situation) low cost (we paid 11 S$), and the option to sit outside under the fans (tables there might be quite dirty when it is busy).	statement	db
We are nice people, and my husband is the most polite and friendliest person I know, however when he asked for more toast, twice, he got blank stares or was plainly ignored by the female staff, just left standing.	statement	db
Definitely a spot to hit when you are in Singapore.	statement	db
6) Kaya toast: generally like this dish but who doesn't like kaya   Oddly I enjoyed the veggie dishes more than their famous ones but everything will satisfy you.	statement	db
I have no idea what he does to the chicken, but he skin and meat are incredibly moist and flavorful.	statement	db
The food was great but because of friends I know who have came to this restaurant I expected more than great .	statement	db
The xiao long bao tasted like what I expected.	statement	db
I could have had Din Tai Fung in Taipei two days ago at the location where Tom Cruise learned to make the juicy pork dumplings with the owner...but I was staying too far away from the city.	statement	db
Steamed Pork Dumpling: In Los Angeles, these are aptly named Juicy Pork Dumpling and these are what made Din Tai Fung famous.	statement	db
This is where I go when I'm in the mood to indulge in sushi.	statement	db
I'm not sure if it's because I went ""late"" or what but this place was thoroughly disappointing.	statement	db
It makes me really sad when fish die and their death is wasted on sub-par meal.	statement	db
Third visit is what I described above.	statement	db
Docking a couple stars for the surly service (yes its Singapore but still one must have standards), and the really awful iPad ordering system - truly no due consideration to us plebs who have to actually use the damn thing.	statement	db
What attracted me was the Bara chirashi when I was queuing for a space to seat.	statement	db
Concept is typical of a conveyor belt sushi bars we've probably all been to before- However, a distinguishing factor would probably be the sushi chefs doing their thing at the island where customers can watch them work while we eat.	statement	db
It can go on and on.. Im not that adventurous when it comes to sushi but the variety here is quite amazing!	statement	db
Simple, casual place where they serve good quality sushi.	statement	db
i only had their fuji sushi set but based on that and what the rest had from the conveyor belt, the quality is definitely there.	statement	db
and when it came to settling of the bill, no complains whatsoever when we wanted individual split billing.	statement	db
The tempura batter and sauce prepared by Ryoshi Sushi is simply outstanding, converting even a friend who does not eat fried food.	statement	db
The sauce was so delicious I was tempted to take a spoon to it when I have regretfully finished the rest of my Tempura.	statement	db
Definitely a dish I would order when I next return.	statement	db
I'm not a big raw fish eater, but there was something about what I saw on the conveyor belts on my first vist that just drew me in...	statement	db
And each piece has what feels like a pinky-sized portion of rice, to a whopper of a slice of fish.	statement	db
It's hard not to taste the awesomeness of the fish, or see the value in what you're getting.	statement	db
I've paid more than this for non-Japanese food but I've never been to one of these super amazeballs $400 a head sushi joints like Shini by Kanesaka or Tetsuya's or what have you.	statement	db
My companion and I ended paying $40 each, which is a little less than what I'd probably have paid at Itacho for a similiar amount, but not by much.	statement	db
You get what you pay for.	statement	db
The space where Ryoshi now stands used to change tenants a lot but I guess the business here is so good that it is going to stay for long.	statement	db
I guessed we were in better luck when we ordered the recommended items like the Nama Shirasu ($5.80).	statement	db
The ground tuna (if that's what it was) in the middle of the tuna bowl was remarkably delicious and succulent.	statement	db
Pricing wise its extremely affordable when compared to restaurants like Tampopo upstairs.	statement	db
Firstly, I was put off by this waitress who told me to look for the sushi that I wanted from the conveyor belt instead of ordering straight from them.	statement	db
A place so local, that when I ordered with my thick American accent the uncle told me, ""Welcome to Singapore!""	statement	db
Colleagues who have ordered the teh tarik say that it's quite good.	statement	db
Mr Teh Tarik was introduced to me on my first day of work at my current company by my manager, who relies on their signature Iced Lime Teas to get her through a scorching and stifling afternoon in the office.	statement	db
I've even compiled a list of 'what to drink for what situation':   1.	statement	db
You're cramping (that monthly pesky thing), bloated and just feel like something sickly and weak: Hot Ginger Milk Tea - Like what mum makes for us, but better!	statement	db
I was surprised when I learned that the food has no onions or garlic.	statement	db
First, when you walk in, be sure to find the staircase and go to the 2nd floor (the first floor is a different restaurant).	statement	db
The ladies were pretty nice (we did laugh when our server told my fiancé he couldn't have sugar for his hot tea because it's not good for the body...she was totally serious).	statement	db
So, you would know that the inside of some piece of mock meat was tofu or veggies or mashed potatoes, and what it would be coated in (like a crunchy fried coating or a fried tofu skin).	statement	db
The dishes there are not oily so it is suitable for the elderly who don't want to eat oily food.	statement	db
The spiced beans I thought were complimentary ended up being $2 when the bill arrived.	statement	db
Even though it wasn't soft, which is what I like eating, the vegetable still tasted fresh, good, and healthy (it could do with a little less oil though, I like to have as least as possible amount of oil in my food since I was raised in a household that used more water than oil to cook the vegetables).	statement	db
Unfortunately, the menu didn't say what the flaky golden brown things were...	statement	db
So I, myself, can't tell you what they are.	statement	db
I just wanted to try what the big deal is about this dish.	statement	db
Thus, the restaurant was empty when we first got in, and then a few other groups came in a bit later.	statement	db
Still, I get the sense that there aren't many vegetarians in Singapore, that's why I think the restaurant was on the emptier side even though the restaurant is nice and spacious, especially for a restaurant in Chinatown!	statement	db
After walking around for over an hour and a half looking for a vegetarian friendly place in the neighborhood (not easy), I stumbled upon this place and wow what a pleasant surprise.	statement	db
I asked our young waitress what herbs were in the tea and she didn't know the name in English but googled it for me.	statement	db
The first thing that I noticed when I entered this restaurant was that it had very traditional Chinese furnishings - which was very nice.	statement	db
The service is awesome and the staff is friendly and recommended me the most delicious udon they serve when I looked around the restaurant, not sure what to do.The prices are very affordable and give really nice comfort food for that price.	statement	db
Both are flavourful and what tops it off for me is the kids' noodle set.	statement	db
Look it over and decide what you want to eat.	statement	db
It was kind of confusing at first when I walked in, but I quickly figured out the menu is on the blackboard as you walk in, you decide what you want before you sit down, you seat yourself, get your own utensils, beverage/water and clean up after yourself.	statement	db
This is a great place to enjoy some really good vegetarian food; I'll definitely be back when I need a break from my meat-laden diet.	statement	db
Run by an older couple who have a small, set menu everyday.	statement	db
As someone who is personally fascinated by the religion, this dimension makes me enjoy my meals at Ci Yan even more.	statement	db
Mrs. Seow's cooking talents are beyond belief, and Mr. Seow, who serves the food, is a wonderful, gracious and welcoming man.	statement	db
You'll have to call ahead to find out when these will be served, but show up for lunch or dinner any day of the week and you can't go wrong.	statement	db
Since a lot of the main ingredients are imported from Italy I can definitely understand why the prices are higher than other places.	statement	db
I'm not sure what all the hype is about.	statement	db
Like one of the reviewers below I would caution to watch what they're charging you for to avoid any ""surprise"" charges on your bill.	statement	db
The little touches that are added into the dinner are what make no menu stand out to me.	statement	db
It is very very noisy when the restaurant is full,  to a point that it feels like sitting in a night club.	statement	db
It is opened by Beppe de Vito who is the one behind il Lido in Sentosa.	statement	db
Beef Sirloin with Asparagus and Red Wine Sauce The serving is rather small, about half the size when compared to the cod.	statement	db
sometimes a set can outdo what personal choice cannot quite achieve with a limited budget.	statement	db
I am very particular about pasta as it is my favourite noodle, so naturally its flavour, the chewiness, the presentation all comes together as one when I review whether I should visit them again.	statement	db
One waiter even offered to move us when he saw us struggling with our stroller in a packed corner.	statement	db
Aura is just what Singapore needs more of - versatile option for date night, an important business meeting, must-do for visitors to Singapore, or a great spot for boozy grown-up brunch with friends.	statement	db
Well that's what we tried and everything was delicious.	statement	db
So I recommend coming when you have time to kill because you have to wait a while for your food to come, but when it comes it's good.	statement	db
Those who preferred the AC stayed inside (very comfortable, still a great view), while those who wanted some air would go outside.	statement	db
the device that is used to extract juice from crushed grapes when making wine.	statement	db
I will not go into the detail of what I sampled as the selections is always changing.	statement	db
I've probably brought too many of my ex-dates here to impress them so nowadays I'm usually here with my friends when we crave for their Pork Parcels or just a bottle of wine to chill our weekend away.	statement	db
Best still, if you're looking to try or go by glasses, opt for their wine dispenser where you can choose from trying portion to full glass options to keep yourself intoxicated.	statement	db
Don't say I never share where to bring your next date to!	statement	db
come to us and understand what we were after.	statement	db
I'm easy to please when it comes to wine, I guess.	statement	db
Nothing good happens when you put 2 hungry girls in a wine bar, especially one that easily allows you to taste the various wines with their automated wine dispenser.	statement	db
If you don't know what to get, Amanda is really good at giving recommendations.	statement	db
We were disappointed when we got there.	statement	db
The area stretching from Tanjong Pagar to Tiong Bahru is pretty much where most of the new bars and cafes in Singapore open up these days.	statement	db
In the midst of all the activity, Praelum Wine Bistro stands out as a place where you can split a bottle of wine between friends, and while the night away.	statement	db
The bar has a counter where you can 'pour' your own wine.	statement	db
A bit disappointed when the head waiter said they looked like ""curry puffs"" when describing the specials, and didn't seem to know what I was referring to when I asked if they were empanadas.	statement	db
Overall a nice place in a nice area, but couldn't help but feel a little underwhelmed when leaving.	statement	db
He came out at the end of the meal for a longer conversation too (right about when I was devouring my Torrija de chocolate blanco).	statement	db
His eyes lid up when we talked about wine and Spain.	statement	db
I was incredibly stoked when we managed to get a place at their Tapas Bar on a Friday night.	statement	db
Snuck in a corner of Craig Road without too much traffic, noise or people, the place was just what we needed for a chillaxing Friday night.	statement	db
My visit to Binomio fell fortuitously on a day when I was recovering from a flu.	statement	db
as a thai food lover, i order delivery from thai to go during exam periods or when i am really lazy to go out or cook at home.	statement	db
15 min later the delivery guy calls me saying he is at my door and asking where I am.	statement	db
I'm sorry but when it takes your 3 and a half hours to delivery something then thats just a failure and any good establishment will try and make it up to the customer.	statement	db
If you're not into crepes, they do have a brasserie section where you can order other mains like tuna and asparagus (great if you're avoiding carbs) and a burger (which our other friends ordered- looked pretty good!)	statement	db
I can't even figure out what is in the crepe.	statement	db
Super chill out vibe at a corner shophouse where Archipelago used to be.	statement	db
Walking Distance to the Four Points Sheraton where we stayed.	statement	db
They do have large fans inside that help, but it was hot when we were there and air conditioning would have been appreciated.	statement	db
I was somewhat surprised that it was about 100.00 per person and I thought it to be steep for what you get.	statement	db
Oh my I love the food here ...... chance upon this restaurant when my guest is staying at Park Hotel Clarke Quay.	statement	db
I was stoked when I saw they have 40% discount for dim sum (like all dim sum, yes including the chili crab bao), which is valid until december 2016.	statement	db
We had our 3 year old with us, who enjoyed the experience as much as we did.	statement	db
I didn't see any other toddlers there when we were there, but there was absolutely no problem with kids, this restaurant can take as much noise and as much laughter as you can give.	statement	db
The Tteokbokki wasn't what I expected - I was thinking of Korean Rice Cakes served in a plate with spicy sauce, fish cakes and some spring onions on top.	statement	db
Disclaimer...being a Korean dude although I am from the US, I am very selective about my Korean food and since I prefer authentic Korean food over westernized or fusion, please consider this when reading my review.	statement	db
Thank you for being open on a public holiday when everyone else was in bed!	statement	db
Spotted: Celebs, top bankers and politicians who dine incognito on the second floor.	statement	db
After a year of walking by, crowd watching and drooling over what everyone is eating, we finally had the opportunity to try Kok Sen Restaurant, a local Tze Char restaurant that have had glowing recommendations, even recently receiving a Bib Gourmand recommendation in Singapore's Michelin guide.	statement	db
But what made this dish special was the stuffing.	statement	db
Dai Har is the holy grail of Kok Sen, it is what causes the sun to rise from the east; it causes the first flower to bloom in spring; it is why the machu pichu has so many steps.	statement	db
Singapore is truly a breathtaking country where no one sleeps; bars and lounges close at 4AM.	statement	db
Alcohol is expensive from what I can see so but that did not stop people from getting trashed.	statement	db
Once you get there, the views are incredible if a little terrorising for those of us who aren't great with heights!, and that's really the point, you are hear for the experience, not necessarily for great service.	statement	db
The bar below the roof deck was extremely loud and my friend ask for a dirty martin but that wasn't part of the special I couldn't hear what the bartend was telling her at all.	statement	db
Our small setback is that we have to wait for quite sometime to be let up, i don't really get how they priortise who they will let up in the lift first, the longest we waited was about 30 mins just to get into the lift.	statement	db
So i suggest for you people who gonna show up with your friends guestlist or walk in be early, lines gonna get crazy.	statement	db
The whole effect makes you trippy when your high.	statement	db
Not a fan of the humid and rainy weather in Singapore, but at night when it's cooler and you're not going to be perspiring your butt off, it's great.	statement	db
I read somewhere that ladies get a free drink but when I asked the bartender he told me that the Ladies' Night there's just the $10 martini special.	statement	db
The bartenders in Singapore are uber stingy when it comes to adding alcohol to cocktails.	statement	db
All and all, It's fun and something I'd recommend to anyone who hasn't tried it.	statement	db
I expect bars like this to be pricey, especially in Singapore where everything is pricey!	statement	db
There is really only one reason to go to 1Altitude and that is to show friends and family who might be visiting, as the view is really unlike anything else.	statement	db
I've been to this place twice and both times it was for some special occasion where I didn't plan ahead or just didn't know where the happening places are.	statement	db
It was weird looking down at fireworks but I guess that's what happens when you're in the tallest building in Singapore!	statement	db
The rooftop deck was far from crowded, it was actually kind of dead up there but the one side of the rooftop that had fantastic views of the races was actually roped off for people who reserved tables.	statement	db
The price to get in is to high; the music is to loud (for an old guy like me) and I always seem to forget my way when trying to find the building so I walk longer than I have to and end up arriving with a shirt  soaked in sweat.	statement	db
Drinks are on par with other top bars in town overpriced put together by mediocre bar tenders - come on folks take some pride in your work when you're charging so much.	statement	db
sitting on 63rd floor with the claim of being the world's highest alfresco bar was the main draw and the view did not disappoint  but what really lifted the experience was some amazing music and pretty good ambience & service.	statement	db
With the views that Altitude provides, it's understandable why they charge so much cover.	statement	db
I'm a huge adept of skybars, so when my friend told me Altitude is the highest one in the world, I was soooooo excited to go there.	statement	db
And then, I figured out why as I tasted the Singapore Sling.	statement	db
I came her for a drink and wasn't sure what to expect - but was very pleased with the view!	statement	db
That's why it's called a Gallery and Bar, I suppose.	statement	db
There are signature 1-Altitude cocktails too ... we ordered 3 different cocktails and I seriously don't remember what they were - but but but I remember them to be quite potent and yummilicious!	statement	db
I don't think 1-Altitude is as touristy as what most people made it sound to be.	statement	db
Immediately when you exit you are met by a very chic, classy ambiance.	statement	db
This is where the experience took a turn for the worst.	statement	db
The toilet seat was broken and came off in my hand when I lifted the lid.	statement	db
There was a puddle of I can only guess what in the stall with a wad of toilet paper on top of it.	statement	db
We came at a time when there were few guests and this was the state of things.	statement	db
I am not above it but when you pay $25 and beyond you would expect a certain level of cleanliness and attention, at the very least maintaining the facilities in working order.	statement	db
Just don't expect too much when it comes to drinks and you'll be set.	statement	db
Ignore the meagre 61st and 62nd floors and head STRAIGHT up to the top - wow, wow and thrice wow, what staggering views!	statement	db
Having been anaesthetised to Singapore's astronomic pricing by now, I thought that £30-odd for three G&Ts and a beer was actually quite reasonable, particularly given where we were.	statement	db
I have some pretty awesome friends who love to party and got us all in + a table.	statement	db
Just who does this lady think she is about assuming that the table was reserved by 1) a male 2) a white dude.	statement	db
Bring me back to the cool speakeasies and lounges where a conversation with a stranger ain't that awkward or dive bars where pretentious and racist attitudes are thrown out the window.	statement	db
It's a 2 story roof top bar that attracts the bankers and lawyers who work in the surrounding area and tourists.	statement	db
get here if you havent been  what a great view and full of goodlooking people	statement	db
I never understood why some people in Singapore like to sit outside (unless if they are minimally clothed).. but anyways Tandoori Corner does have outdoor seating though it's very very limited (I think it can only fit 6 people max) and the space itself is very narrow..  On top of all of the superb qualities that I've mentioned above, Tandoori Corner also offers free wifi, and the price is not subject to gst & service charge.	statement	db
Red Chili Burger ($24) Beef patty, beef chili, cheese, jalapenos, French's mustard It looks kind of dry when served.	statement	db
I didn't read the menu so I'm unsure what cheese they used, but it was a white cheese that didn't melt very well so there would be chunks of cheese here and there and lots of uncovered fries.	statement	db
Cocktails take up almost an entire page, and my boss, who knows her beer, recognised a lot that was on the beer list.	statement	db
So when I chanced upon Meatliquor, I was quite excited.	statement	db
Which is why I stopped going there ages ago.	statement	db
The place reeked of a cheesy, american diner, with owners who have a lot of creativity, and no art gallery to put it in.	statement	db
Cool place to hang, but just too expensive for what it ultimately is, a burger place.	statement	db
What we had in mind were 2 pieces of tandoori chicken on a plate, but this was so much more than what we expected.	statement	db
The chicken was almost nowhere to be found and when I did, it tasted ok, but was so so so dry.	statement	db
I did not really enjoy this and will go for the tandoori chicken next time to see what it is like (thank you other reviewers!)	statement	db
Not the best place, but very convenient, decent and honest pricing and open at the right time for when you need food before or after those drinks.	statement	db
Well, that's what I thought until last night when I ventured into Shah Alam.	statement	db
I had no idea what I ate exactly bc I was so drunk, but we ordered a combination of different dishes ranging from chicken curry to mutton briyani to mee goreng to prata.	statement	db
(Go to the Cedele a few stores down, and you'll see what I mean.)	statement	db
On a related note, I am always delighted when served by one particular preparer at this location because he always tops up the mango chicken if he thinks the first preparer has been a little too stingy.	statement	db
The noodle was springy, wantons were tasty with silky thin skin and the soup transported me to the days where wanton mee sellers in hawker centers or coffee shops take pride in their skills to make a darn good bowl of noodle.	statement	db
The staff were friendly and knowing it was my first visit, they asked for feedback and explained what the various sauces were for.	statement	db
As the name suggest, the star at this small eatery is none other than the humble wan ton noodles, where a decent plate will cost you at most $3 in any hawker center in Singapore.	statement	db
A standard bowl of char siew wan ton noodles or roasted pork belly wan ton noodles will cost you $6.50, and if you're greedy like me, then get the ""two-some"" where you get the best of both accompaniment to your noodles ($7.50).	statement	db
Everything else was okay, I'd come back again if I was in the area and didn't know what to eat.	statement	db
There was a year in distant youth where I ate nothing but wantan mee for lunch.	statement	db
:( Lastly when we asked about a friend's order that had not arrived 10 minutes after I received mine, the customer experience wasn't great.	statement	db
We were told to move outside, and just repeatedly told it'll be out when it's ready.	statement	db
If you're one of those people who steer clear of Vegan Cafés, or really anything to do with this hipster concept of ""clean eating"" - you are MISSING OUT!	statement	db
Their menu is surprisingly big enough for me to have a dilemma on what to order.	statement	db
They do have a page on their menu explaining why the food is served slow.	statement	db
I asked what is popular, she said depends on individual.	statement	db
I prefer the Clarke Quay location as it close to home but novena and Clarke Quay are located in the basement of the mall where traditional food courts are located - this makes a healthier option where there is often none in this type of set up.	statement	db
Let me repeat, NO MEAT, so meat eaters who shudder at the thought of only eating leafy greens, stay far away from this place.	statement	db
For those who will not freak out at the thought of having no meat in your meals, it's actually quite a cool place.	statement	db
This means you have to wait for quite a while... especially during lunch time where the office crowd comes in.	statement	db
I used to go to RealFood when I was working around the area and I always end up regretting it because of the long waiting time.	statement	db
(Yes, this was why I gave it 3 instead of 4 stars) I highly recommend coming here when you are not pressed for time.	statement	db
I'm not vegan myself but I can appreciate this as I have friends  who are and I know it can get annoying when certain places refuse to cater to your needs.	statement	db
Everything's worth a try though I don't know why but I usually find it difficult to make a decision on what I want everything I come here.	statement	db
While this is a downer when you're completely ravenous, it also means that your food comes with no preservatives, trans-fat and all the extra stuff that you don't need.	statement	db
The health freak in me was very pleased when I read about this and I guess it forgives the long wait time.	statement	db
Sometimes that's what the doctor's ordered.	statement	db
They serve rice milk based ice cream too, for those of us who are lactose intolerant or vegan--I'm neither, so it was just a nice experience of something different.	statement	db
it was well cooked (and I don't mean doneness), with the flesh flaking off with a slight push - but it was also the most expensive dish at more-than-sixty for a slip of a fish, and not quite worth it considering what we had got as starters.	statement	db
I had the pizza which said ham, but when it came out it was prosciutto which was very unexpected and threw me a little as I don't generally enjoy that on pizza.	statement	db
The tables are situated close to each other thou the pace is not packed when we went there so it didnt feel as crowded.	statement	db
Food- Most of what we ordered were the specials of the day.	statement	db
Nothing super classy, which is a good change in singapore where a lot of good restaurants seem to have a classy/chic ambiance.	statement	db
Service is always exceptional and the food is always just what it should be.	statement	db
That being said, the restaurant does look a lot classier than the one in East Coast, so I guess they're catering to a different crowd who doesn't talk to service stuff much.	statement	db
Too many places here sell out and overcook their pasta because that's what most locals prefer, so I like places like Etna and Modesto's who stick to their guns and serve it how it should be served.	statement	db
We had been there a couple of times but our best meal was when the Italian chef/owner was in the house :) She came out host us personally, taking our orders and making recommendations of dishes that weren't on the menu.	statement	db
Perhaps they are role-playing what it is like to have an executive office with a beautiful view in the future - after all that is what they are getting... And there are frequent bus loads of tourists who come trapping though the door.	statement	db
We were in the area and decided to drop by for lunch as I remembered that I could enjoy 50% discount with AMEX credit card when dining for 2 persons.	statement	db
The only white pizza on the menu now had a cream base so it was not what I had in mind.	statement	db
If you cannot decide what to have, the set dinner option is a good deal at $69 and it generally have pretty good dishes.	statement	db
I do think the prices are a bit on the high side, and it makes me wonder if it is catered to the FAR/AMEX card members where they can get discount of up to 50% (depending on number of diners).	statement	db
We were pretty surprised with the serving size of the linguini though, as it looked like a $5 pasta when served.	statement	db
If you're someone who enjoys tasting sweet and salty in one dish, Prosciutto di Pa Parma is for you.	statement	db
This restaurant is in the Hotel Fairmont, where I normally stay.	statement	db
The waiter can't remember who wanted warm or cold water.	statement	db
Prego's brunch buffet changes depending on what they have during that season.	statement	db
They have a roast section where there's duck, beef cheeks, braised ox tail, pan grilled salmon, breaded calami rings etc.	statement	db
They have a seafood section where there's oysters, scallops, prawns and mussels.	statement	db
It's a family oriented restaurant where there's a children's section near the roast food section for kids to play, run around and eat at.	statement	db
First off, when I made a reservation for dinner the website made it look like the tables were private from the bar area where anyone can walk-in but instead we were seated in an area that was attached to the bar with people on both sides of us.	statement	db
Yes, I had somewhat of low expectations of the food as when a place has some sort of gimmick (i.e.	statement	db
Tried to take some pictures but there was just too many people clustered around the areas where you could peek out to see the view.	statement	db
Did not understand and even argued with us when we asked to split our check.	statement	db
Totally they did not listen to what we asked to do, then got angry when we told the server she did not listen to us.	statement	db
Okay so let start out with the location, this club is located at marina bay sands tower 3, there be a reception right at the lobby where you get checked in and you will receive a card if your on guestlist to be given to another reception counter at 57 floor.	statement	db
For members they have sofas and rectangle tables to kick back and relax on, but if your not there are plenty of standing tables near the entrance where you can enjoy your favorite drink, view and music.	statement	db
Interior, there nothing much to describe really, when you walk into the club its pretty dim setting, so there nothing fancy much you can see..	statement	db
Pretty standard sofas by the side of the dance floor for you people who feeling rich, you can ball all you want.	statement	db
The gentleman who seated us was very nice, but other than that, the service was lack luster and one woman was borderline rude.	statement	db
Cocktail was good - Royal Smile I think, it was slightly sour but refreshing and just what was required.	statement	db
$200 minimum if you want to sit down, and you only get the table until 8pm, regardless of what time you sit.	statement	db
I know, I know, this is the biggest tourist trap in Singapore, but you know what it's awesome!	statement	db
The bartenders were rude and ignored us when we tried to get their attention.	statement	db
The crowed was mixed ethnicity, beautiful young people who work in the city, business guys in button downs, models, a few tourists, and older people (I'm guessing they're guests of the hotel and got in just like we did).	statement	db
The next day when we went to the pool, we saw just how small it was.	statement	db
When you get out there are numerous people around to ensure you get to where your going.	statement	db
But most important ensure you do not get access to where you're not supposed to.	statement	db
This place is ala carte so when ordering Salmon, you only get Salmon.	statement	db
So other than being expensive for what you get I say 2 stars for the service, 1/2 star for the food and a half star for the location.	statement	db
There is a lot of fan fare around the menu presentation, putting little lights on so you could see in the semi-darkness, but beyond that we were waving down anyone who came near us.	statement	db
Maybe it's because I'm from San Francisco where there are plenty of bars and clubs around that let you in for free...but I found Ku De Ta's $50 cover charge to be a bit ridiculous!	statement	db
After a small conversation with our waiter, who was extremely friendly by the way, we found out the place recently had a facelift.	statement	db
Another of my favourite coffee joints, Ricciotti was recommended by a friend who was working nearby and dropped in daily for her afternoon fix of tea and cakes.	statement	db
We didn't test it out but a few of the stands are supposed to be open 24 hours which would be nice when your mental clock wakes you up at 3am.	statement	db
My description is so bizarre but if you take a look at the picture, you'll know what I mean!	statement	db
Not much to say about service as it's a food court, but tables and area were super clean and not that busy when we went during the off-hour.	statement	db
Of course, there are some decent selections if you have eaten here often enough to know what to look for but for most, it is more likely to be a miss than a hit.	statement	db
It wasn't very crowded and when I tried to tell them to make it take-away, they started kicking up this big fuss and bitching about me to my face.	statement	db
I expected this food court to be jaw-droppingly expensive when I first visited, but it's actually not so bad.	statement	db
It's a pity that the service and food slide so much when the owner's not there.	statement	db
Still, thanks for the service with a smile even when my partner and I were the last to leave on a late weekday night :)	statement	db
I was pleasantly surprised with one of the service staff who over to fasten a back cushion for me.	statement	db
This is what we did so we got to taste more without being too full!!	statement	db
I dunno why so many complained about the poor service because we have enjoyed very good service, not just from one service staff but all round really.	statement	db
L  In short, the place offers you a great evening, is centrally located, and is much bigger on the inside than what the facade suggests.	statement	db
On the outside it looks like a ordinary restaurant but when you walk in, it feels a little like a movie scene of waiters welcoming you into a cosy setting of a restaurant.	statement	db
If you don't get what I mean, it means you can't say its anything out of the ordinary yet it tastes fantastically good, legendary in fact.	statement	db
For mains I ordered the ravioli with minced beef and gorgonzola cheese - they warn you that it's a blue cheese before you order, which is probably good for those who aren't that familiar with the cheese names.	statement	db
Pasta Brava serves up good ol' unpretentious Italian food that probably has its roots in the recipe books of grandmothers who spent a lifetime perfecting the art of pasta making.	statement	db
Nice atmosphere when you walk in and a friendly greeting.	statement	db
I went here because I met Aaron, who is a cook here at a birthday party, and I honestly did not expect much: an Italian pasta place in Singapore.	statement	db
the pricing is what you would expect from a place in Boat quay but I don't find it unreasonable (unless you buy 2 bottles of wine like I did :)...	statement	db
Also, the service is much better when compared to the restaurants around it.	statement	db
Long ago, when my mother was a little girl, she used to stay at one of the shop houses along Amoy Street.	statement	db
In fact, my grandmother, who has difficulty walking, insisted on climbing up the stairs to the second floor of the food centre so that she can have a big bowl of the lor mee from Yuan Chun every time we pass by that area (that was before we knew there was a lift).	statement	db
I was introduced to it enthusiastically by my grandmother and mom when I was young and has been going down to Tanjong Pagar just to have a bowl whenever I have the time.	statement	db
Best come during holiday when there is no office crowd.	statement	db
The gravy is completely unique compared with what other Lor Mee stalls offer.	statement	db
I was initially skeptical as the place was quite empty upon arrival, but that soon changed when the dishes arrived.	statement	db
Since it's an izakaya, we decided to go for some sake and asked for recommendations from the waiter, who was very helpful and patient in explaining the drinks menu to us.	statement	db
It's a place where you can just hang out for hours with your buddies while nibbling on yummy snacks.	statement	db
No where else in Singapore will you get the level of personal attention and care that you receive from staff at ShuKuu.	statement	db
I like to start my day off by looking at something pretty and there was a very pretty buttercream rose on top of my slice when I handed it to them to box it up.	statement	db
Nice little restaurant with an extensive cake selection where you can eat yourself silly.	statement	db
For those who drive, you will have to park opposite at Liang Court mall & take the overhead bridge on the 2nd floor of Liang Court.	statement	db
It's about a 200m uncovered walk from the bridge to the cafe so it's a bit of a hassle especially when it rains.	statement	db
I didn't like this dish due to the super hard and dense waffle and the overdose of syrup on this one (it was already drenched when served).	statement	db
I cant comment on the burgers cos I havent tasted them, but for someone who doesnt usually have creamy pasta, the Prawn pappardelle was awesome.	statement	db
Rich but not overpowering, Ju managed to ensure that the pasta was still kept Al Dente even when it's soaked in the creamy prawn sauce.	statement	db
:P  For those who of you who has yet to try, head down soon!	statement	db
For those who love this place, good news is, they are going to undergo a little reno in Feb 14 and reopen with a even more hearty menu.	statement	db
me and my friend left the table to decide on the cakes we wanted and when we returned to the table, voila!	statement	db
However, I can see why they need the tables.	statement	db
but these were so bad we couldn't ourselves to eat anymore - which is when we headed to the lovely drury lane for a brunch part two.	statement	db
So I came here for brunch recently and I was feeling a bit conflicted when writing the review.	statement	db
That's about where the compliments end.	statement	db
I walked inside of the restaurant and there were three employees there: two friendly women and a shortish man who I can only assume is the ""fabulous baker"", owner, or boss during the shift.	statement	db
I'm not sure why these associates froze up or acted awkwardly to my questions.	statement	db
Then I asked that, hypothetically, what if I wanted to buy the ten or twelve slices that would consist of a cake, could he serve them to me.	statement	db
Lovely setting at night when it's cool.	statement	db
As the place filled up, one table got served their food immediately since they where friends with the owner while the rest of us had to wait.	statement	db
Go when you are feeling leisurely and definitely not starved and on an empty stomach!	statement	db
When entering an indoor space of the cafe (tiny cramped area where they keep all the cakes), we were attended by a man, who looks like a boss of the place.	statement	db
I left the place feeling horrible and had to tell all my friends who were on the way to change a place.	statement	db
and we opted to have it after the food, and they forgot about it, since they processed the first part and threw away the order chit, so when it came to our cakes we have to tell them and get the excuse that they forgot... *sighs*)  ~Food Wise~ The only thing they had going for them was the food, i had egg Benedict, it was really tasty but proportion wise i would preferred if their cakes were a bit smaller.	statement	db
but they fact that when they got busy it shows their lack of a system in place to deal with the orders and the amount of people reflects that there is a lack of organisation.	statement	db
I finally made time for it when i saw that it was on the Restaurant Week listing (yes i'm slow in updating) and it was only $25 for a 3 course meal.	statement	db
I hate it when restaurants serve a completely different (usually substandard) menu for RW.	statement	db
I've been on the lookout for good french food in Singapore and this place turns out to be that little gem where you can make a reservation relatively last-minute (about an hour before) and still get a seat for Friday evening dinner.	statement	db
The ""house wine"" turned out to be quite complex and delicious, and given that this was at the lower end of their prices for wine, not what I'd expected them to push.	statement	db
I had never had one before so dont know what to compare it to.	statement	db
I dont want to be jaded by maybe what was a bad night for them.	statement	db
I dont know what the other servers were doing.	statement	db
Several friends had gushed about Taratata so when it came time for a girls' night out, F suggested we check out Taratata.	statement	db
Thought it was decent but thought the steak began to taste a bit bland halfway through, unlike certain places like Bedrock and Gordon Grill where the steak remains tasty throughout.	statement	db
The mackerel salad had caught my eye as I remember a rather delicious variant when I was visiting the French Countryside.	statement	db
The most expensive lunch bento on the menu is $58, which is cheap compared to what I think is a like-for-like comp, Mikuni ($90).	statement	db
The only downside about this place is that it does take a while for your food to arrive especially during lunch time, and even when it's not crowded.	statement	db
So be aware of that when you check this place out.	statement	db
However, Sky Luck's takes a while to serve you the food as there are only two chefs in the kitchen so be expected to wait for a bit during lunch hour where the office crowd comes in.	statement	db
However, don't let the lack of options turn you away because what they do well is a delicious bowl of ramen.	statement	db
Oh yes.... And please note that although the name is Lobster King, don't be disappointed when you find out that the lobster is in the broth and you don't get a fat piece of Lobster Tail in the ramen, but than again, at $14.90, I suppose that's expected.	statement	db
May be a little too rich to have it often but when we do crave the rich broth and can get away from the standard pork broth, we will be back!	statement	db
Their curry puff recipe has been passed down in the family, and I can see why you'd want to make sure the recipe gets passed down -- these curry puffs are pretty great.	statement	db
We made a reservation for 2 for 5:00 PM, right when they open.	statement	db
I just can't help but feel like we were being nickeled and dimed for what already was a relatively expensive meal...just took away from the experience.	statement	db
Momma Kongs serves delicious chili crab for people who prefer to avoid giants to the likes of Jumbo seafood.	statement	db
I wasn't really sure where to go.	statement	db
Lonely Planet actually recommended this place and it wasn't too far from where I was staying in Chinatown.	statement	db
I ordered the chilli crab cuz that's what I came for.	statement	db
I prefer my congee to be a bit more on the bland side but that's more of personal preference as I usually have that when I'm not feeling too well.	statement	db
When our food arrived, they took a photo of us - I think it was going on instagram but thought it was nice that they printed it for us and gave it to us when the check arrived.	statement	db
I enjoy a good dining experience and who I can only presume was the owner or manager of Moma Kongs delivered this, he had a really people personality too him when taking our order, ensuring he got photos of all the diners for his patrons for his ever growing marque, etc.	statement	db
This to other tourists like myself who want a simple and approachable way to enjoy one of Singapore's most famous dishes!	statement	db
It had a crispy twisted exterior but when you break it open, steam releases and visible is this soft cloud-like fluff!	statement	db
The spice is really well balanced with the egg mixture and is manageable even for those who can't handle too much kick.	statement	db
My bil who had blocked nose was only one who could eat it.	statement	db
We had high hopes because I had heard good things... so when we arrived we discovered they had a buy three get one free offer.	statement	db
The flesh had that slightly mushy, waterlogged texture that comes from freezing, and it was especially noticeable in the legs where the meat was really almost unpleasant.	statement	db
Overall, the value was okay, but when I eat crabs, it's all about freshness.	statement	db
Defo worth checking out when you want a chill night/ fun date night.	statement	db
They don't understand what is Medium.	statement	db
Another of the sides we ordered, I forget what it was now, just tasted peculiar, with a sharp tartness instead of creaminess that we expected.	statement	db
That at least was taken off the bill once we highlighted it, but we didn't say anything about the bisque because it wasn't until later that I could figure out what i was so watery (and why there were curdles), and I'm not the sort to complain until I can figure out if something went wrong... or if a dish is generally bad.	statement	db
As mentioned by another reviewer, Jack, the general manager is also a key part of what makes this restaurant great.	statement	db
nestled in the corner of raffles city, we were ushered to our seat where we can marvel the singapore skyline while we tuck into some good moo.	statement	db
My friends' meals were done perfectly to their taste but when mine came I was terribly disappointed - it was medium well and not medium rare that I asked for.	statement	db
disappointing as that maybe, it was seasoned well and if you enjoy a medium well steak, it would have been a happy moo but for me who prefer a little rarity i was a little boo-ed out.	statement	db
I had informed them about my steak being overdone to see what their reaction will be.	statement	db
But that's not at the top of my priority list when I'm getting a dinner that runs me $140 SGD.	statement	db
However, I pointed out to them that patrons who came much later than us were already served.	statement	db
It was when I finally wanted to cancel the steaks that they came.	statement	db
At least the manager came out to apologize to us at the end and served us a complimentary chocolate lava cake, which is why I'm still giving them 3 stars.	statement	db
Mixed Toji set at $13.90 is a good choice for indecisive people like me who want everything :) Katsu, 1 prawn tempura, some stir fried beef and egg all over.	statement	db
which brings me, really, to a less-than-effervescent recommendation than I'd initially thought: this place will do you well good for mid-week/office lunches - cheap japanese food with large portions and a big menu for everyone - but if you're thinking of a sit-down meal where you have nothing else on your mind but the food, it's not ideal (or close to, in fact).	statement	db
the best way to describe the food here, really, is that it does what it says on the tin.	statement	db
nothing more, nothing less - precisely what you'd expect from a middle-to-low ranged japanese chain (probably hovering about the sakae sushi level).	statement	db
the low prices make for a compelling argument at lunch - but at dinner time, when I'm hoping for a meal to wash the work week away, this place will not do at all.	statement	db
They usually have a cava from really excellent producer Agusti Toréllo by the glass as well as champagne from Delamotte (for those who do not know this is the 'sister' winery of Salon and the fifth oldest champagne house).	statement	db
Sabio, located in the increasingly hip Duxton area, is a bar I go to when I want a cheap pint of beer when I'm hanging out in the area.	statement	db
Their specialty though has to be their sangria - they serve both white and red versions, with the former being especially refreshing to drink when Singapore's weather is being muggy and difficult.	statement	db
Staff are knowledgeable about product, which is exactly what you'll need if your not familiar with Spanish tapas concepts or items.	statement	db
Overall, the sandwiches don't come cheap at between $10-16 each, but when you can't find them elsewhere, you pay up and get transported to sandwich heaven.	statement	db
I was there when Park Bench Deli first opened its door (in July) along the buzzling Teluk Ayer street and thought I'll never go back.	statement	db
It's self service - menu board is on your left as you enter, choose what you want and walk towards the counter to place your order.	statement	db
I suspect the kitchen forgot my order since quite a few customers who ordered after me got their sandwiches before me.	statement	db
(The thing about having an open kitchen is that customers are able to see when the cooks physically put the sandwich on the grill.)	statement	db
When probed if my order was forgotten, the lady at the counter explained that they did not forget my sandwich and that the grill was small and hence could not accommodate many sandwiches (that doesn't explain why customers who ordered later than me got their orders before mine...).	statement	db
The owner is very friendly and came up to chat when he saw that I was holding a box of Plain Vanilla cupcakes.	statement	db
There are two clear signs when you walk up to the counter, one for ordering and the other for pick-ups.	statement	db
But if you are savory sort, you're not that far away from the fresh seafood counter where you'd be greeted with neat stacks of shellfish and crustaceans, sashimi, sushi, and cold cuts.	statement	db
The decoration and service are similar to what one might expect from a modern, international 5-star hotel.	statement	db
Also, when I finished my meal and said I would pass on dessert, they brought my check and a small plate plat of mini desserts from the buffet.	statement	db
Yowza - the buffet is probably second best to what I've had at the Shangra-La in Shanghai.	statement	db
I struggled about what rating to give this one, and finally went for 3 stars, which I interpret strictly as ""A-OK.""  Let me tell you why.	statement	db
Um... OK.  We weren't the only people there, but there certainly was plenty of room for the few people who were waiting.	statement	db
The waffle was awfully spongy without any crisp to it (even when it just came from the iron).	statement	db
And finally, saving what I feel is the best for last (and how things should be) is the dessert line.	statement	db
Made right on the spot when you place your order, there are just so many things you can plonk onto your waffle that you should make an attempt to try them all.	statement	db
The cheesecake was not as sweet as you might expect, but when coupled on a spoon with the sweet fig, crumble and vanilla ice cream - it was a harmoniously balanced bite.	statement	db
A special nod to the chefs who were sending out perfectly plated dishes.	statement	db
The Verdict:  This place is run by professionals who take pride in getting it right.	statement	db
I am so inspired to write a review soon after a most wonderful meal at Restaurant Ember, just so I don't forget what I had (though I doubt I will).	statement	db
I finally got the chance to lunch here when I had a 2 hours window free before my next appointment in the area.	statement	db
I was given a table near the front where the glass windows were and that was good.	statement	db
After a slew of mediocre of such lava cakes appearing in the late 2000s and throughout in various places, I was feeling ennui when I read this was a favorite.	statement	db
I have a soft spot for the restaurant - and always remember my first visit when panna cotta was described to me as ""angmoh tauhuay"" - which means a western rendition of the asian dessert of sweetened silken soy tofu.	statement	db
the latter had a spoon of fig compote that I thought was a little too similar in style to the creamy ice - it really would have benefited from something tarter, or more texturally different, but I'm quibbling on what was still a decent sweet.	statement	db
And that's why I decided to give the set menu a pass and ordered a la carte instead.	statement	db
Bouillabaisse seems like the perfect option and that was what I opted for.	statement	db
I don't know why I don't come here as often as I should.	statement	db
But... Ember is still as solid as it was when it first opened, when I first stepped foot in here as a wee teen who had never really gone to a restaurant of this sort before.	statement	db
Go for the weekday set lunch, where you get to choose between three sorts of foie gras, all equally delicious.	statement	db
Now that I have been away from Singapore for a few years, everything I eat when I come back is super delicious.	statement	db
And the dish did not disappoint when it arrived.	statement	db
It looks a little dingy and when it crowded it gets very noisy inside.	statement	db
It is a convenient location and good for a quick energy booster when you are in a hurry.	statement	db
I like to eat soon after buying though, as I find that the crust hardens quickly and it's not nice when it's no longer warm.	statement	db
The servers will repeat the order of what you are getting one more time for accuracy.	statement	db
All were tasty, but I would say the baguette was most impressive especially because I had it when it had just come out of the oven  (still warm)!	statement	db
It's the smell of butter and sugar probably, both of which i cannot resist and that resulted in a shopping spree when i stumbled into Bread and Hearth, a new artisanal bakery in the Keong Saik/ Chinatown/ Ann Siang area.	statement	db
So after a quick gander at their menu - you'll get what I mean when I said 'spiffed up'.	statement	db
This is what my gf remembered as her favorite thing about this place.	statement	db
Like what others commented, this place can get crowded during peak hours and it was difficult to head out after meals.	statement	db
The staff are very friendly and always greet you when you enter in true Japanese style.	statement	db
What helped this place is that our orders were pre-taken when we were waiting outside the restaurant to get in.	statement	db
But let's start with what went well.	statement	db
For 15.80, it came with all the good sides, including 4-5 big slices of pork   And that's exactly when things went to crap.	statement	db
But the first warning sign came when I noticed that any signs of the good ole usual layers of fats seem to be missing.	statement	db
Saw that they actually provided free barley for customers who are waiting in line to help themselves to, they even left several fans in case it get too hot.	statement	db
You need to get lucky when you visit Keisuke as there is always an endless queue at this place during meal times - and working in the area, I attest to that personally as someone who has witness these queues for the last year or so.	statement	db
I loved the melt in your mouth piece that I got at dinner compared to the 3 rather tendon-filled, tough pieces that I got when I went for lunch.	statement	db
I think it's again, all about luck when you done here, depending on the day etc.	statement	db
): But I guess that was redeemed by the egg that I got when I went for dinner.	statement	db
The food here is really good, when you get lucky - which is why the 4 stars.	statement	db
It lacks consistency in both the broth (my dinner partner had been here before, but he had horrible tasting broth - when we went for dinner, his feedback was that it was a lot better than his first try) and their ingredients, which I feel is really sad because every visit could be a hit or miss.	statement	db
I walked here from where I stayed at in Clarke Quay.	statement	db
You preorder on paper while waiting... so when you get seated your order comes right out.	statement	db
We were here right at 6pm when they opened and we managed to walk in straight away.	statement	db
Guys like me who are training up their body would need the extra protein boost!	statement	db
Queue is also quite long so people who want to go try the food should go early.	statement	db
Don't quite get who would go for the 'no char siew' option.	statement	db
I like so much taste that that for me Keisuke Tonkotsu King Ramen is the place for me when it comes to ramen.	statement	db
I don't think you can find another tonkotsu (pork based broth) place where the soup is as rich, as oily, and as fatty.	statement	db
While a few of the other reviews have commented that the soup here is too oily, I'm sayin' that's why I love it.	statement	db
As a Japanese who just relocated to Singapore, I would say this ramen place serves something very similar to what I would expect in Tokyo.	statement	db
Just like everyone else mentioned, be ready to queue (that's what local ppl say here in Singapore... having brought up in California, I just say ""be ready to stand in line"") upon arrival.	statement	db
Just make sure you remember what your combination was, so that when the waiter brings you a bowl, you know you have the right one (and they speak with the local accent, so be ready to listen and focus).	statement	db
So my quest to look for a decent bowl of ramen in Singapore (despite what you think of this metropolitan city where you can find almost every cuisine readily available, it is not -that- easy to find very good ramen) took me to this place where I dedicated a good part of my Friday night, post-work at.	statement	db
Naturally, I was very hungry and full of expectation when my dinner partner and I were finally showed in.	statement	db
I also loved that they played many Arashi songs when I was there (pardon me for the fangirl moment.	statement	db
Perhaps my corner didn't get much air circulation, or maybe we were just too near the counter where they prepared food, but it did get uncomfortable.	statement	db
Ramen here is taken extremely seriously and you get to make decisions like how hard you would like the noodles to be, what level of spiciness your broth should be and so on.	statement	db
The waitress leaves you to ruminate over you choices with a slip of paper and pencil and returns to hustle you to your seat when it is ready.	statement	db
There is a reason this place is called Tonkotsu king - it rules when it comes to tonkotsu broth.	statement	db
But you will be happily slurping away when you get your ramen.	statement	db
From what I read, the owner of this newly renovated stall is Uncle Law who has been frying these for nearly 50 years.	statement	db
But when high-end restaurants such as Iggy's and Les Amis have no qualms serving tap water for free, not serving tap water irritates me.	statement	db
Service was great, very attentive, friendly, polite, what American servers should aspire to.	statement	db
Extensive menu, I was unsure what to order, so I asked the waiter what he would recommend.	statement	db
The waiter/server seem to have this air about him that just gave me and my girlfriend bad vibes when he was explaining the set meal options to us.	statement	db
yet when a party of 6 walked in just like us, they managed to get seats inside on the ""reserved""  tables.	statement	db
The ambience is good but is a no when it's crowded , it would be super noisy and it'll not be romantic anymore.	statement	db
I saw many good reviews about the seafood marinara so I wanted to try it out , I thought it would be normal to the others but wow , when I tried , one word ; AWESOME !	statement	db
But I don't quite like the ice lemon tea , cuz when I tasted , is like its comes from the normal can .	statement	db
Meeting up a couple of friends there for the first time, the place was mostly filled with people who were enjoying a quick pre-dinner drink or just getting started to get sloshed with alcohol.	statement	db
Do not accept the peanuts they try to give you when you first sit down.	statement	db
Will definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to try out Singapore's famous and very popular Chili Crab!	statement	db
that would be what you HAVE to get here.	statement	db
so, for all you people who don't like sweating while eating, be sure to make a reservation for a table indoors.	statement	db
I have been a loyal customer of Jumbo since many years and always visit when im in Singapore.	statement	db
Dishes are pricey in this restaurant and I would suggest just get the crab out of here and go some where else if you are not filling, Singapore is full of delicious food everywhere!	statement	db
The guy who took our order tried convincing us to get a more expensive kind of crab.	statement	db
They also gave us tea without asking what we wanted to drink and then charging us for the tea.	statement	db
I would not go back and honestly do not know what the hype is about.	statement	db
The best advice is not what to order here, it's to avoid the lines somehow.	statement	db
The first location had too long of a wait and sent us to the second location, where the wait was a measly 45 minutes.	statement	db
Although the price tag was steep, who knew when we would be back in Singapore!	statement	db
However, it was still really good and tasted fantastic when you dipped the fried mantou in the sauce.	statement	db
The price when I went was $88 per kilo and the crab I received (which seemed typical) was just shy of a kilo.	statement	db
2) the washrooms had NO SOAP nor dryer or towelling -- this washroom was used by the STAFF who prepared and delivered food to tables as well as patrons.	statement	db
Any place in where there is no proper hand-washing facilities concerns me greatly.	statement	db
The photos of the food on the menu did NOT match what arrived in several cases.	statement	db
They charged $78.00 for a single chopped up crab (a/k/a crab bits) was more than a bit pricey for what you got.	statement	db
Service was also some what inattentive, which was surprising for Singapore.	statement	db
The chili crabs are delicious (as judged by me, a possibly misguided foreigner) and the wait can be spent at one of the many bars nearby as they send a text message when the table is ready and wait 5-10 mins for you to arrive if you ask for it.	statement	db
As for the price, it's a meal for an occasion or when hosting visitors anyways and given the location near the circular road this place is worth it.	statement	db
I was told I must make a reservation and was glad for the advice when i realized i couldn't get in for a couple days.	statement	db
There's a reason people put up with the difficulty of making a reservation, and the wait for your table even when you do have a rez...and the reason is quality and enjoyment derived from the food.	statement	db
As other advised, we told staff to remove peanuts, and yet we were still charged for the ice tea that we never order (they promptly took it off the bill when I said something).	statement	db
Luckily they have an efficient reservation system, and even luckier I was with a local who knew what to do.	statement	db
A bit messy but that's probably because I'm a westerner and have no idea what I'm doing.	statement	db
We ate a lot of great food, my favourite was the crab, though I think when you have such beautiful crab meat it's a shame to cover up its delicate and exquisite taste with an overwhelming chilli sauce, I would have much preferred it just steamed and eaten it cold without any seasoning or sauce, but I think I'm a seafood purist when it comes to crabs.	statement	db
This is the go-to place for the extended family, especially when relatives are here from overseas.	statement	db
Maybe it is the mess where everyone just digs in using our hands and fingers, trying to pry the sweet meat from the shells.	statement	db
Getting to the place is a bit of a hassle, if you have elderly or those who can't walk well in your dining party, as they are plenty of steps to navigate.	statement	db
We love a good burger bar and was gutted when discovering that Mojo Burps, one of if not our favorite burger joint, had closed.	statement	db
For the beverage, I asked one of the staffs whether the ice lemon tea was homemade and when she answered it was, I ordered that.	statement	db
For the beef patty, I ordered it medium rare as that is what I normally choose for burgers.	statement	db
When I asked for a medium rare burger, I finally got what I had never gotten in this city-state, a medium rare burger.	statement	db
Love it when a restaurant knows how to cook their meats.	statement	db
For someone who generally stays away from burgers, I really dig the ones here.	statement	db
I wish they did more marketing, or maybe it's good that they didn't, because when I started to hear friends excitedly discuss the burgers and desserts here I was intrigued enough to go check it out.	statement	db
After being ignored for 15 minutes at the entrance, we tried to walk in and see if they notice us which is when we got our table.	statement	db
Our disappointment reached another level when food started coming in.	statement	db
If you have made this far reading this review, I really hope that if you go there you really know what you are wasting your money, time and calories on.	statement	db
:(   And I was appalled when during dinner, someone that looked like a dishwasher or delivery service walked right in the middle of the restaurant!	statement	db
Ok so i admit we used a G****** coupon for this Saturday lunch but after our visit today  we will become regulars when in this part of the city.	statement	db
I mean thats why youre most likely going there.	statement	db
I dont remember what else was on the menu because I didnt really look.	statement	db
We knew what we were ordering.	statement	db
One lucky colleague took home what looked like at least a very filling dinner.	statement	db
JML and I always make it a point that when we find a dish served in a restaurant not good because of the quality or cooking method, to mention it (in a polite way of course and explaining why hehehe) because we believe that a positive or negative feedback is important for an establishment.	statement	db
Order a medium rare and that's what you'll get.	statement	db
The price for the steak frites wasn't cheap by any countries' standards, but you definitely got what you pay for.	statement	db
It appears they have closed down and are out of business because they do not answer their phone... if they are still open but just don't bother answering their phone, it kind of tells you what kind of service you can expect!	statement	db
It has the perfect brioche bread, topped with the perfect bechamel sauce and melty Gruyere cheese and ham....it is EXACTLY what a croque Monsieur should be.	statement	db
They get the small things right and that's what keeps me coming back.	statement	db
They manage to keep it simple when it comes to the menu.	statement	db
I only know when it tastes good.	statement	db
Again, not a mind boggling vast selection but what they make, they make well.	statement	db
I finally managed to catch this place when it wasn't maniacally filled with sweet tooths (like mine) - probably because it was about 5 minutes before they closed the cashier.	statement	db
it's very good cake, so it's going to be an easy review: two cakes - a chocolate dome, and a opera-style one (sorry for the lack of titles, but hey, that's what photos are for!)	statement	db
service is young but helpful and smiley, and the space is scandinavian white-and-wood and beautiful - clean, neat lines and pretty little desserts that aren't cheap but plenty satisfying, this place is a good one for some post-meal (or actual meal, why not) indulgence.	statement	db
:) Office Hours are also when I answer any questions you have about Yelp.	statement	db
Check the Events Page to see what I have coming up next!	statement	db
I have no idea what it is but it kinda tasted like a mini donut hybrid with croissant (cronut) good amount of chocolate cream with every bite but e price ... e price... e price $$$$$  3. ham + cheese croissant - $5 this was just OK, wished it came warm but it was kinda cold when i had it.	statement	db
I love to come here especially in the early mornings when its just me and the baristas.	statement	db
Love the chillout environment where I can get reading done.	statement	db
I always buy more coffee just to see what interesting things they can draw for me.	statement	db
Recommend this place for people who just wanna have some me-time and enjoy a good cuppa (or two or three) If you ever do, invite me along as well.... :p	statement	db
Ms Gwen Lim identifies her target consumers as ""a niche group of people who understand French pastry and are discerning about good-quality French products"", namely the ""well-travelled"" Singaporean.	statement	db
For someone who likes sweet stuffs, this fits perfectly into the picture.	statement	db
Be sure to try out the desserts from the Cordon Bleu pastry chef Gwen Lim who has apparently worked under Pierre Herme himself!	statement	db
Highly recommended for when you have that Peking duck craving.	statement	db
However, there is a reason why the original outlet at Paragon is perpetually full and reservation a necessity.	statement	db
Brought out the boy boy in me when I went to the bathroom.	statement	db
Thai food flavours are just intense and varied, coupled with influences from Tex Mex, Japanese and Chinese food, you get this amazing offering, which is what they do here, and really well too.	statement	db
The fried chicken had a crazy ginger marinade, was crispy and hot when served with a tangy lime/ garlic/ ginger sauce.	statement	db
The BBQ sauce accompanying it was just perfect - a little spicy and not sweet unlike what you get with BBQ meats.	statement	db
I don't know what they add in that creamy dressing, it was just delicious.	statement	db
I thoroughly recommend for all those who love a good Caffeine fix.	statement	db
This is one of many place along the water at Robertson Quay and I know what you are thinking - yet another place that is just over-priced and does not really deliver nearly what one would expect.	statement	db
The food is not bad but a tad bit on the pricey side so I do only eat here when my hunger coincides with an intense need for coffee.	statement	db
Service has always been very friendly here and I can see that as a regular you tend to get certain benefits as I have noticed that when I have been here a lot during periods (when I stayed close by) they always manage to find a seat and also sometimes give some free tasters of some coffee.	statement	db
The first thing that I wanted when I woke up that first morning in Singapore was to find some place to have some breakfast.	statement	db
Shall try this when i feel better.	statement	db
There's also a couple of coffee places where you can sip your coffee by the river.	statement	db
Of course when the weather permits..	statement	db
Best thing is that they serve brunch till 5pm so for all ya sleepy heads out there who cannot get up in time for a MacD's breakfast, this is perfect.	statement	db
Brunch/Breakfast - I don't know why some initial blogs and reviews had it as just ""OK"" but the scrambled eggs are done superbly, the Moroccan variety is hearty and deserve praise and the makeup of the peasant eggs dish is well done.	statement	db
Food is good, but not amazing, so go here for  simple food and a coffee, not for michelin star food ;-)  This is simply my kind of cafes, where time slows down, people are friendly, the coffee is good and I can easily relax.	statement	db
Sticking to Robertson Quay area reviews as this is where I live and exploring my new neighbourhood.	statement	db
We take pride that we do our business sustainably and when it comes to the process of creating that perfect cup, we also take it very seriously.""	statement	db
Needless to say, we were suitably impressed as it has a bold body, definitely will work for those who love their shots!	statement	db
Good news to those who love to work outside, Toby's Estate is wireless equipped so you can drop by for your appointments and meetings.	statement	db
It's also a pretty ideal spot to do work at, what with free wi-fi and power outlets.	statement	db
A super heavyweight to descend on the shores of our indie coffee cafes, this Third Wave coffee invasion experienced some serious rocking of the boat when Toby's opened up last year.	statement	db
Toby's brings in beans from all over the world, and so you have very interesting variants in the hopper ranging from a sweet Ethiopian Yirgacheffe peaberry, to full bodied Mexico, to jammy Costa Rican - and if you are in luck to visit when they have COEs on offer (certificate of excellence coffee) - by all means, try that.	statement	db
As a coffee lover, I rejoiced when I saw that the Sydney-based Toby's was expanding to Robertson Quay.	statement	db
They certainly take their coffee seriously, what with the massive crazy machine that looks like it's part art installation, part art, part roasting machine.	statement	db
Authentic Korean food similar to what you can get in Seoul.	statement	db
But if you don't have time to make your own, then check out The Lawn, the only Specialty Grill &amp; Salad Café in Singapore  The grills are what make The Lawn different from the other salad spots.	statement	db
It may not be the healthiest considering that it's preserved in oil and there's plenty of carbs but this would be great for friends who are just not that into vegetables.	statement	db
You can build your own salad if that's what you're into.	statement	db
Coming from a country where vegies are fresh and readily available it's always been a struggle to find the equivalent in Singapore.	statement	db
It took AGES to get tea (while everyone else who ordered soda already got their drinks) and we had to keep reminding the waitress.	statement	db
Then our lovely waitress made a face yet again when we had to ask for it to be packed up, since we'd waited too long.	statement	db
Well, it's a pretty cool bar - in fact a balcony bar on the roof (though the covers were over when I was there, namely because it had been raining, but then again rain is natural to Singapore's).	statement	db
You'd be hard-pressed to find it unless you knew what you were looking for: look for the lift at the back of the building, down the side alley.	statement	db
It also is dreadfully hot, especially when the sun/rain shade is covering the seating area.	statement	db
It's a little cooler, but not much, when they roll back the shade, and there is a very nice vein of the surrounding buildings.	statement	db
We chanced upon this cool spot when we dined at Tamashii (located in the same building).	statement	db
And we probably picked the wrong night to come as half of the bar (the better half) was outdoor, with a great view of the city skyline....and that wasn't such a good idea when the rain started pouring.	statement	db
Being a lady and all, I don't like to be sweating when I'm socializing.	statement	db
Well, that's exactly what happened during my friend's going away party.	statement	db
I don't understand why at 8:00 PM, it's still so hot.	statement	db
Not sure what the weekend scene is like.	statement	db
I don't understand why this place seems persistently popular.	statement	db
And gave me attitude when he did so.	statement	db
Misses - cautioning us not to order any more is fine, but when you repeat it countless times as though we are deaf it becomes patronizing (this not only happened to me- my friend experienced the same treatment when she was here a different time).	statement	db
A nice, cosy european setting (with little wooden push carts where they made the crepe Suzette in front of you).	statement	db
So non-beer lovers rejoice when beer/alcohol drinker friends suggest going to Brotzeit, we have something to drink there besides coffee and tea and soda.	statement	db
Good wait staff that gets you what you need.	statement	db
I find this to be excellent price/value compared to what they charge at Brauhaus at Suntec.	statement	db
The place always looks lively when I walk past and I've always wanted to give it a try.	statement	db
I don't care what people say about mass-produced food.	statement	db
This is the first place I go when I get to Singapore.	statement	db
They do have after 6 specials too where fresh short cakes are sold at 20% discount.	statement	db
Taste and looks wise, they're the closest you can get to what you see in Patisseries found on the streets of Ginza or Hara-juku.	statement	db
It sounds like a lot of carbs, but who cares!	statement	db
I did not try the food this time, but I am sure I will when I return again and sample the pork scratchings.	statement	db
Great new find - I am not sure why I have not been before.	statement	db
This bar/restaurant on Ann Siang Hill/ Club Street is a bit of a strange one in that I am not sure what they are going for.	statement	db
When I have been there the music has been a bit too loud for my liking but there is still no area for people who want to dance and they close early.	statement	db
Contrary to the other reviewers who went to the first floor, I went to the dining area on the second floor and had a much better (and pricier) experience, which I thoroughly enjoyed.	statement	db
I also think if you have dinner here then expect to spend more than what you normally would for the first floor area, as I reckon the bill was about $200+for two appetizers, two mains, 4 drinks, no desserts.	statement	db
I can't vouch for the food or the crowds when it gets busy.	statement	db
which - I suspect - is where this place was heading for, but I'm not sure it succeeded.	statement	db
it's a small menu of mains, rather pricey - and when it arrives, it barely feels worth it.	statement	db
I've also only hung out on the ground level here, where they serve bar bites.	statement	db
Apparently there's a dining area on the 2nd floor where they serve a full menu, but I've always come at an hour when seating is not available.	statement	db
Neat industrial decor and good bartenders who care about their drinks!	statement	db
I felt that it made the burger less dry and easier to eat, when comparing to the other two burgers.	statement	db
There are some outstanding dishes and some hits (more) and misses (less) but what drew me back was their version of poutine.	statement	db
I attended a work related event here 2 month's ago, which means this is on the sell side radar/price point (see my review of Lucho Luca for what this entails).	statement	db
This place is not as good as MenTei ramen on Robinson Rd, but it's cheaper and good ramen for value depending on what you add in.	statement	db
The queue is usually quite long during lunch hour because it's quite a small place inside, but my coworker and I went on a semi-rainy Friday 1pm and we happened to catch a window when there was basically no queue.	statement	db
It's very simple here--pick the soup stock you want (plain, red or black, the latter being spicy), what condiments you want (seaweed, onsen egg, charshu), the degree of doneness of the noodles, how much chicken fat you want (protip: fat is flavour) and away you go.	statement	db
In the name of efficiency, you mark your preferences on a sheet while standing in line so your order gets sent to the kitchen when you reach the front of the queue.	statement	db
I love that it feels a little like I'm eating in a hole-in-wall noodle shop in Japan when I'm at Tonkotsu.	statement	db
I always get the black pepper bowl, it's a good quick fix for when Ippudo just seems too far away and too long a wait.	statement	db
My cousins would always rave about this place, sending me pictures and then FaceTiming me when they were there.	statement	db
So understandably, expectations were high when I finally was able to make a trip to Singapore.	statement	db
the menu price, making the cost much higher than what is printed.	statement	db
Some people who aren't black pepper fans aren't too impressed, but I loved it.	statement	db
Personally I think it was better to get the 2 crabs or the prawns as its what they're known for, and forget the other stuff.	statement	db
For us Americans who aren't used to this, that's ridiculous.	statement	db
Huge fish tanks in the back where you watch whatever you ordered get taken.	statement	db
Asked to speak to a manager twice who never came.	statement	db
Bet ur bottom $  When I return to Singapore I won't be rushing back.	statement	db
(You'd think it'd add to the scenery, but that turns out to be a romanticized abstraction when spending this much).	statement	db
I only go when I have some visitors from overseas, but I always enjoy the food there.	statement	db
Touristy spot admittedly but still this place has become a usual spot for me when I want to bring a group to a chilli crab place that is more presentable place with AC and slightly better service.	statement	db
This place is the holiest of holy sites in Singapore when it comes to seafood.	statement	db
This was my favorite restaurant on my Singapore trip and had the most memorable meal here.This restaurant is by the riverside and the view is simply breathtaking.My best friend who lives in Singapore took me to this place on my recent visit knowing my love for crabs.She recommended getting the Chili Crab and it was delicious.We also got some shrimps with garlic and it was so yummy.The bread that they give is so soft and almost taste like donut without the sugar.	statement	db
I had a great time here and I owe it all to my friend who helped me pick the right things.	statement	db
Eating crab can be quite messy and that is why I chose a nice sit down restaurant with white tablecloths.	statement	db
A must have meal when in Singapore!	statement	db
If it's a rainy night try to get a table in the covered area since it gets a little crazy for the people outside when the rain comes.	statement	db
So when I finally received my last paycheck for my summer internship there, I decided to splurge  on Singapore's speciality, after hearing from my coworkers that Jumbo had the best/most famous chili crab to offer.	statement	db
And I had split my bill with my roommate, who was also sitting in disbelief that the two of us would consume $120 worth of chili crab.	statement	db
In my opinion, this restaurant was way overpriced, which, along with the marginally acceptable service, is the main reason why I only gave it three stars.	statement	db
Especially when my server disappeared for the vast majority of the night, even when I wanted a refill of said overpriced tea and/or peanuts.	statement	db
From what I understand, Jumbo Seafood is an establishment here in Singers and I am happy to say that I enjoyed Chilli Crab, Pepper Crab and Drunken Shrimp here!	statement	db
My husband and I came by with some fellow ex-pat friends who were visiting from Kuala Lumpur.	statement	db
I liked this version a lot because it did have a little kick to it, but not to the point where I was sweating balls.	statement	db
Chili crab, chili crab, chili crab -- that was all I heard about from everyone who came back from Singapore.	statement	db
It's like asking a NYC local where was the best place to get pizza.	statement	db
She mentioned chili crab at Jumbo Seafood, and so when my wife's friend's family took us here, I was more than happy.	statement	db
I asked the concierge at my hotel where to find the best place for chili crab and he said hands down, it's Jumbo Seafood in Clarke Quay.	statement	db
chili crab was wonderful, this was packed when we got there (great sign) food was very good, and plentiful!	statement	db
Everyone tells me that I have to try the chili crab when in Singapore so when the opportunity came along (friend I met during this trip wanted to go to this place to celebrate her birthday) I was totally down for it and I'm so glad she invited me.	statement	db
Service is attentive and with a smile - a good balance of Singapore efficiency (that you see everywhere, including the way trees are planted on sidewalks) and hospitality; the waiters here who make sure you are taken care of without becoming too much in your face!	statement	db
a MUST try seafood restaurant when in Singapore!	statement	db
Ask any taxi driver where to get chili crab and you will probably get a different answer.	statement	db
And what really put a damper on the experience is how they serve you peanuts and walk around pouring you green tea like it's complimentary, and then it shows up on your bill!	statement	db
It is very clearly a tourist trap where they serve you things you don't want (tea, peanuts) and then charge you for them.	statement	db
When in reality, I know that the all of the products probably came from the same wholesaler who delivers them to each Jumbo branch.	statement	db
The texture of the meats of each pieces and even the sizes of each legs did not match what I was expecting from a 1.5kg crab.	statement	db
Service is what you'd expect in Singapore - not awesome.	statement	db
Last week I was down from Tokyo, where I live, in Singapore for a tradeshow.	statement	db
My pal Sophia, my go-to Singapore Foodie says Jumbo is the place to go for crab and when it comes to food in Singapore, what Sophia says goes!	statement	db
I was able to secure a table for two on the same day for an early dinner (5:45PM) and when I arrived, they informed me I would have to give up my table at 7:00PM.	statement	db
It really puts me off when restaurants restrict the amount of time you are allowed to stay for a meal.	statement	db
we had some mis communication when we asked our waitress how much the chili crab was and she said something 1-4-6-0 and we thought she said 146 when she meant 1 for 60. so we ended up ordering 1 and devouring it between 5 of us.	statement	db
Their brunch dishes look and taste like what you could make at home yourself.	statement	db
Subsequently, singles or couples who came in well after our party of seven did were seated and served first, without explanation or apology.	statement	db
An advice that i would give to fellow readers (and a suggestion to the restaurant perhaps) is to avoid coming in at peak dinner time since the place is really cramped and gets rather echoey when crowded.	statement	db
We had no idea where to eat on our last night in Singapore and relied on some guys we met at a bar.	statement	db
Staff was very friendly and service oriented - we would come back to try their Saturday brunch, but not necessarily for dinner as it is rather expensive, in general, especially when there are so many great ""local"" places to explore.	statement	db
This is the kind of place for the lazy people who dont really like to be bothered with choosing your main course - there's only one main course here -- 2 portions of steak and fries!	statement	db
:)  For those who cannot resist the need to pick and choose, you have a selection of appetisers and desserts to choose from.	statement	db
A fantastic hipster joint for those who have a few more dollars to spare.	statement	db
To start, we waited over 30 min for a table inside (which wasn't too bad as we were enjoying some lovely wine in their patio) when we finally signaled the hostess and asked what was taking so long she promptly ushered us inside and gave us a dinner menu which consisted of 1 item....steak and fries.	statement	db
The main course when it arrived looked good although a bit watery.	statement	db
It was perfectly done to my likeness but that was it....the flavor and sauce were a huge disappointment :( I couldn't understand what all the hype with the steaks was about!!!!	statement	db
Otherwise,  All: Don't bother washing your hair coming here; Ladies, Asians, or Me: Do not come here when the state of your skin ain't exactly at it's peak, or x - 7 days before your period etc.	statement	db
We had high expectations when we went there lately.	statement	db
You don't have to think too hard what you want to eat for main as they only have 1 thing on the item and that is Steak and Frites.	statement	db
But with that said, you will have a tough time deciding what appetizers and desserts you would like to complete the meal cos there are too many selections to choose from.	statement	db
It came medium when I ordered medium rare and overall was ok, nothing special.	statement	db
Despite the cramped atmosphere and the fact that the waiter literally has to pull the table away so you can step out to use the restroom, L'entrecote is a great place for what its best known for:  Steak & Fries.	statement	db
But what doesn't get enough credit, in my opinion, is the amazingly good appetizers and desserts.	statement	db
Small place and can be a bit cramped and noisy when full, but perfectly pleasant once the crowds thin.	statement	db
They seated us... then reseated us when a larger group needed our section.	statement	db
The staff never explained why our order was delayed, never apologized... then never even spoke to us other than to nod and then dash off.	statement	db
Perfect for either lunch or dinner with friends or on a date, the steaks on offer are tender and juicy and proof that wagyu isn't the only choice when it comes to having grilled meat.	statement	db
It took me a while to figure out where it was.	statement	db
It is NOT cheap though, so be prepared when you walk in.	statement	db
This location is tucked away at the end of Ann Siang Rd on the left, with only a little sign signaling you've come to the right place when approached from that direction.	statement	db
We were wandering through the Club St, Ann Siang area late on a Sunday afternoon when we stumbled across the one restaurant that was actually opened at that time.	statement	db
The food was ok but quite forgettable when compared to the cockroach.	statement	db
The same waitress took our order and we were wondering why it took so long when we saw the row of cakes/tarts in front of us.	statement	db
Of course, a comparison cannot be made like that but with the price of the food, we would definitely go back to a place where the service was excellent instead of one where the service is poor and cockroaches run amok.	statement	db
There's the rooftop seats where it lends a perfect cityscape view all around you.	statement	db
Now, when it comes to the food, the brunch is okay, but it's pricey.	statement	db
I always consider it a win when a burger has fried onion strings on it.	statement	db
Once there, we were greeted by polite staff who informed us they didn't have a table for us at the moment, but we were welcome to take a seat at the bar and they would find us a table in about 15-20mins.	statement	db
In about 10mins the staff brought us up to the first floor where we were seated for dinner The low level table lighting, the relaxed music all helped to ensure we felt relaxed and welcome.	statement	db
This is really why it's perfect for business lunches and what not.	statement	db
I go there about twice a month so I suffered through the ""smelly"" period when the extractor fans were broken and the whole place smelt of crab but thankfully they've fixed it.	statement	db
Dont get me wrong, its not horrible, its just not quite where it should be... this place could be awesome... never tried them in the beginning, so can't tell if it declined due to its expansion.	statement	db
But truly tastefully done and i see why peeps flock here!	statement	db
When we made a call to the manager to ask him to reconsider since we can't predict who would fall sick on the day, he said it was too bad and we should inform 2 days in advance.	statement	db
My boss hadn't even signed the bill when she got the sms that it was already charged to her Amex (which was used to make the reservation).	statement	db
It isn't really a gift when we had already paid for it.	statement	db
There are so many types of fruits and vegetables available that I wonder if it also caters to those who have brought their own juicers to the office to make their own drink.	statement	db
Three years ago, when I moved here, Telok Ayer / Amoy Street was nothing like it is today with a restaurant or bar in every building.	statement	db
We walked in, and were escorted up to the second floor where there were more tables and chairs for bigger groups.	statement	db
The pulled pork and brisket were both tender and smokey and when added with the bbq sauce had great flavor.	statement	db
I wouldnt come here on a date but when I am craving some wings and cheap beer I'd stop by for sure.	statement	db
If you're a local, then you probably already have your thoughts on who does it best.	statement	db
A good find when you just want good sushi and good service without all the fuss.	statement	db
Loud greetings and asked if we made a reservation, but sat us anyway when we said no.	statement	db
But if you do want something off menu or what is special that day, just ask.	statement	db
This restaurant is one of my latest place to go for if i have my sashimi craving =)     Oh yes, this restaurant is by the management who set up Rakuzen so you do see some familiar faces when you visit the restaurant.	statement	db
He shared about his restaurant concept and said that he was born in Tokyo, worked as a chef all over Italy, but he returned to Singapore because he considers it his home where he was raised.	statement	db
Water glasses were always filled, napkins always refolded when walked away, new silverware with each dish presented, overall - excellent, non-overbearing attention to service.	statement	db
HAINANESE CURRY RICE The miniature forest with bird ness and quail egg looked very magical when the staff served it in front of me.	statement	db
The green moss looked very delicate and who could guess that it was made from coriander.	statement	db
SINGAPORE CHILI CRAB This was the dish that took my breath away when I saw it on Instagram, so I was very excited about it.	statement	db
The chili ice cream was delicious, even when eaten by itself!	statement	db
It was moreover really delicious when mixed together with the soft shell crab.	statement	db
SATAY BEEF Hubby was really concerned about the size of the beef when he saw the '80g' next to the menu but he was surprised that the beef was quite big.	statement	db
I found it best when I mixed the broth with the cooked tomato that was provided so it gave the tangy fresh flavour onto the mix.	statement	db
For me, it was really worth it especially when you consider the creativity, mixture of ingredients, presentation and passion that went into each dish.	statement	db
I have been very fortunate to have been served for the same lady the last 2 years, perhaps it was by coincidence that she is always here when I visit.	statement	db
However, on today's visit she was not one of those who were on duty and I can definitely say that the service here is less than exceptional.	statement	db
I was here for first drinks with my girlfs after dinner nearby and stayed after they left to have drinks with the boyf who came for dinner / to send me home.	statement	db
While here with the girls, it took us 10mins to try and get the attention of the waiter just to order our drinks - which in all honesty is not great when you have about 5 - 6 waiters around.	statement	db
Perhaps you could say that I have been pampered by my precious waiters here, but I would expect some level of service at least when it is a lull period.	statement	db
Many other reviews are from people who ""noticed food on the menu, but didn't order it,"" opting only for drinks instead.	statement	db
As the one poor person who ordered food here, let me give you a stern warning.	statement	db
despite our party being huge (20pax+++)  and constantly moving around/mingling and changing seats, the waiter knew exactly what everyone ordered and served each person his/her correct bill.	statement	db
The rest of what we are (quesadilla and sausages) was pretty mediocre.	statement	db
They apparently run out of popular beers often, because I walked away disappointed on two different occasions when they didn't have any Stone IPA.	statement	db
It currently showcases the signature bowls from 6 famous ramen shops in Japan, each prepared from scratch by one single Japanese chef who has amazingly mastered all the secret formula and recreating the same quality to the smallest detail in the tiny kitchen.	statement	db
Yes, when the noodles are not doused simply with mild Japanese ra-yu (chili oil) but attempt a bold and dangerous affair with grinded Sichuan peppercorns that sat afloat the dark red broth.	statement	db
I wait eagerly to see what will be up next.	statement	db
It is ok.   What is interesting is that you get 6 types of soup broth and ramen in one shop, so it can be a good place if you and your dining companions like different things.	statement	db
First thought when it arrived: the broth is so so oily!	statement	db
The shop seriously reminds me of when I was dining in Japan.	statement	db
I strongly recommend any lady who comes here to share.	statement	db
So beware those who do not like onions.	statement	db
Apart from being a perfect treat to have on a rainy day, a bowl of century egg porridge is also great for people who are sick, as it's wholesome and hearty.	statement	db
Since CNY is round the corner, why not head down to Chinatown for a little squeeze with the crowd at the street market and have a sumptuous frog-leg porridge to round up the experience!	statement	db
Word of advice though for those who drive, good luck finding parking.	statement	db
And when business is brisk, good luck finding a table too.	statement	db
And for those of you who irk at the thought of eating kermit, I will tell you the same thing my parents told me when I was a kid squirming at the very same idea, ""It tastes the same as chicken, only much nicer!"".	statement	db
Although there are many who agree with me that standard has dropped but it really is a good place for supper and there are still long queues throughout the nights/	statement	db
To order, you will need to make your way to the cashier, so don't expect to have anyone come by and ask what you'd like to have.	statement	db
But what do I know, I'm currently 7.5 months pregnant and totally an auntie these days so I cannot be trusted in terms of what's cool!	statement	db
But when i see the size of the coffee served, it all make sense.	statement	db
It took a while for the sandwiches to be ready, but all good things come to those who wait.	statement	db
I rate it a 4 because when I feel like having a green tea latte..I can have a big tasty one here with a specified sweetness (25% for me) for $4.50 instead of going opposite to Starbucks to pay $5.20 to $5.70 for a smaller one.	statement	db
They told me their staff is trained in barista skills and I can see a proper coffee machine with grinder to grind fresh but I don't bother with coffee here when Dimbulah is next door.	statement	db
An excellent lunch/dinner spot near SGH, where I attend classes.	statement	db
By the way I did see a customer who bought a couple of fresh eels back too.	statement	db
Just relax and enjoy, the chef even came over to talk to us about what he prepared.	statement	db
I liked the fact that you drive up the hill (Fort Canning Park) not really knowing where you end up.	statement	db
We walked around for what seemed like ages not finding any signs whatsoever and then called the restaurant to ask for guidance.	statement	db
A nice touch is the small terrace outside you can use for a smoke or just getting some (warmer) air, where you can also follow the action of the ""Shakespeare in the Park""-show drawing to a close (depending on the hour of course).	statement	db
We ordered water and were asked, when opting for cocktails, what our go-to drinks usually were.	statement	db
The menu sees a line up of bespoke cocktails alongside pretty plates of mod Japanese food, and the entire concept is developed by the familiar Ethan Leslie Leong, who is both the Executive Chef and Master Mixologist  Much thought has gone into the cocktail pairing multi-sensory dining experience at FORT by MI.	statement	db
Not an issue for me but still good to keep in mind as Singapore still seem to be a country where in many places only cash (or Nets) is accepted.	statement	db
As she did not know what to order we chatted a bit with the staff and they offered small tasters of all the teas (3 of them).	statement	db
I'm not even kidding when I say EVERY dish we had was wonderful.	statement	db
I love Italian food and was very happy when I found out about this place in our hood.	statement	db
We got a larger table in the centre of the restaurant after a small ""discussion"" with one of the waiters as he wanted to place us behind the entrance door and argued that he might need the bigger tables later on when they get busy.	statement	db
Being somewhat casual, diners brought their kids who made lots of noise, clanging on dishes with silverware, or kids running around unsupervised.	statement	db
When my guest asked in Italian what were the ingredients, the server who clearly can speak Italian, responded shortly with ""tomato"" then left.	statement	db
I cannot imagine living where it is ALWAYS hot AND humid.	statement	db
Better selection of flavors than the Shiraz where they always tell me they only have one flavor for the night.	statement	db
Thanks to Cindy Q. for accepting a last minute lunch when I was in the area.	statement	db
As it was so last minute, we weren't sure where we would be eating so we decided to walk down Boat Quay and find something that would be to both our liking.	statement	db
's comment), I don't really think much of Singapore when it comes to Persian or anything Mediterranean (maybe Greek has a chance...but even then, I highly doubt it to be mind-blowing).	statement	db
's words (regarding this area) - were two lunch specials - the fish and the koobideh - that we eventually settled for when our silent server came back to check on us.	statement	db
The people were nice which is why I gave it two stars instead of one, but that is the ONLY reason.	statement	db
This place is where many Hong Kong people come to buy pandan cakes and kueh lapis.	statement	db
Ordered a light strawberry cheesecake large $27.80 for my friend who doesn't like creamy cakes.	statement	db
I cant give a bad review for good cheap eats and it was located next to the place where I stayed at in SG.	statement	db
Pure comfort food within the city with some good bbq stingray going for $5+ that comes with rice and a fried egg, what joy!	statement	db
For those who are particular about smelling like BBQ meat after a meal, take the seats outside instead of within the shop.	statement	db
Although they dutifully completed what were expected of them like promptly taking orders and refilling our glasses, they were indifferent and somewhat arrogant.	statement	db
The pizza crust could've been crispier in my opinion though, not really a fan of a soggy crust where the toppings fall off and you have to eat with a fork and knife.	statement	db
Unfortunately I didn't notice it at the time, but later when we got home I noticed that there was an additional $38 charge for sangria that we didn't order.	statement	db
They gave us 2 fish soup dish initially and when we pointed it out the waiter tried to coax me into taking the dish (even though it was his mistake) by warning me that exchanging it will incur additional preparation time.	statement	db
The texture of the noodles is probably not as chewy as the other famous wanton noodle place, but when all the above combined the noodles dish itself taste wonderful.	statement	db
As others have said, the portions are large and the ingredients go beyond what other stalls offer.	statement	db
40 SGD for a small variety of sashimi is extremely expensive compared to what I see in the San Francisco/San Jose area.	statement	db
The sushi is definitely not what you come here for.	statement	db
However, when we checked, they said it would be at least an hour before we could be seated.	statement	db
http://tinyurl.com/8vssstd  I am not sure why this restaurant isn't always packed.	statement	db
He asked us what we didn't like- (which was only salmon for me- dirty dirty salmon) and then proceeded to feed us course after course of delicious, beautifully prepared food.	statement	db
As this is one of those places where they cook your rice upon ordering and the rice is really cooked in the claypot instead of being scooped in for just the final touches, you have to be prepared to wait.	statement	db
Remember, get a table for your party 1st, note the table number, come up to the queue, give your table number, and tell them what you want, pay.	statement	db
That's probably why I've learnt to associate claypot rice with nighttime fare.	statement	db
The reason why Lian He Ben Ji's claypot rice is a cut above its competitors is precisely because it doesn't compromise on cooking time and ingredient quality.	statement	db
The rice in the claypot was smoky yet fluffy, and when drenched in sweet sauce was just... wow.	statement	db
It got even better when our spoons hit the bottom of the pot, where burnt rice, or what we call guo ba (锅巴), was clinging to the sides, just waiting to be scraped off.	statement	db
The daughter-in-law now runs the stall with her two younger sisters, which is why this place is also known fondly as ""3 sisters' claypot rice"".	statement	db
The chilli is a wonderful sort of spicy (even for me who is not the biggest fan of spicy), and even a little sweet as well.	statement	db
Barbecue means different things to different people around the world and even within the US the answer as to which barbecue is best really can depend on where you ask the question.	statement	db
Of course none of this matters when you live in Singapore and develop a craving for some, any good US barbecue joints.	statement	db
The brisket beans were great with enough brisket in to give us a hint of what we were missing, with the potato salad trailing behind a little in the flavor stakes.	statement	db
Disappointing for them and the customers who came along only to be denied.	statement	db
A must try for anyone who like real bbq!	statement	db
But it seems no matter what you choose, your eyes will always be bigger than your stomach, so prepare to come here and eat.	statement	db
The ordering is a bit unconventional compared to the usual restaurants - you walk through the food counter and point at what you want, and the waiters will bring it over to your table.	statement	db
Clean but what I consider a bit sterile surroundings (although supposed to be like an old school cafe), make sure you reserve a table ahead so you can get a view of the river.	statement	db
Definitely worth a visit for some delicious Malay food, however given I was with locals this time and did all the ordering so it might be a bit more of a lucky dip when I visit again!	statement	db
I used to to the old outlet at rendezvous hotel when I was much younger and I really enjoyed the food there.	statement	db
We were glad that cupcakes are gaining ground here but the most popular cupcakes seems to be the chain Twelve Cupcakes, which is way overrated (very dry) making us wonder why there are so many outlets.	statement	db
I've had the rib eye steak...it wasn't that good (small and a little bit rough)  The place has a happy hour where you order 2 glasses if tiger bear and get the third one for free  Location is excellent with excellent vibe	statement	db
But a friend who is one of the most demure people I know told me to give the fried pickles a try, so I finally did once as a before-beer-snack.	statement	db
It's pretty pricey for such wings but sometimes when you have the kind of craving that makes the corners of your mouth sweat for some spicy tangy buffalo wings, you can't go wrong with hooter's.	statement	db
But when I asked to swap a potato salad for French fries on a Ham&cheese sandwich I was told not possible as French fries is a side order.	statement	db
I was walking around the area when I ran into Hooters.	statement	db
It is not quite what I expected to see.	statement	db
The non-local girl who served us are in shorts and sleeveless top.	statement	db
Another non local girl served us, who is wearing a white tshirt with jeans, was a tad unfriendly with a little attitude.	statement	db
Then when she came out, I approach her and asked if she is changing the ice cream since was it fell on the tray, she replied ""THE TRAY IS CLEAN"".	statement	db
Then I came home to our sunny little island, and while Hooters had been here a while, I never had the inclination to go, but when my then boss said he'd buy us lunch there, I was quietly excited... for the wings (yes, I can be serious about my wings).	statement	db
I remember coming here when I was a kid with my dad and his co workers.	statement	db
no wonder why they are so big"".	statement	db
its my to go to restaurant when i visit singapore.	statement	db
I really wanted to like this place as I've been on the hunt for healthy stuff but just a little disappointed with what I had.	statement	db
They have cold press juice too (@$7) but the choices depend on what fruits they have during the day itself.	statement	db
I felt the salmon didn't have a heavy dressing, and that was what I was after.	statement	db
While the bowls may be what give Ninja Bowl its name, what may bowl diners over is their All Day Brunch offerings.	statement	db
It's not the best, but it's certainly superior than what can be found at UE Square.	statement	db
The cafe is conveniently located in UE square, in the area where the Kopitiam used to be, and boy am I glad that this was the place to take the space over.	statement	db
Excellent service, friendly staff who were helpful with their recommendations.	statement	db
I especially liked that I was given the option to change my fries to sweet potatoes fries instead, a delicious and somewhat healthier choice for those who are watching their carbs.	statement	db
They do this strange thing with the pickles, where they place a cross-sectional slice and just lay it across the top of the bun... on the outside of the burger.	statement	db
I have no idea why they do this, and it's certainly not critical to this review, but it's been bugging me for a while so I figured I may as well mention it.	statement	db
Ambience : Cosy and intimate  Service : It was good when we were there but another friend who went after us wasn't so lucky	statement	db
It was a few weeks back so don't remember exactly what we had or I'd say more, next time back will update this review or add another.	statement	db
One unfortunate part of the meal however was a group of younger patrons who came in wearing flip-flops, shorts, and dowdy t-shirts.	statement	db
brought the old folks here... good simple fare that's good value for money (relatively speaking that is... this is after all Singapore, where food & wine costs have outstripped that in Europe and NY now).	statement	db
Nice place to go to, where you will not feel stressed out getting to.	statement	db
Each dish allowed the next to shine without masking any of the flavours and despite all the truffles, they don't overdose you with it, allowing you to enjoy it, be satisfied yet crave for your next visit when you're done.	statement	db
Also slightly pricey for what it is.	statement	db
but it wasn't - not really creamy enough, already lukewarmish when it arrived at the table, and the flavor just didn't come through.	statement	db
Tantric is a bar that I go to when i want to get drunk for cheap.	statement	db
The crowd is spotty/awesome (depending on your taste) - you'll find a lot of white guys hanging out there, and a lot of Asian boys who like white boys, and the occasional straight person helplessly wandering around the bar, wondering what's going on.	statement	db
No matter what your taste, at $10 a drink, you'll find that things look pleasant after awhile.	statement	db
The upstairs is decorated in a slight Shanghai theme, with posters of an old Chinese movie star called May Wong (yeah, no idea who she is either) covering most of the walls.	statement	db
It's still full of white boys and the azn boys who love them.	statement	db
There are not many places left in Singapore where you can get strong, potent drinks for $10 or maybe even less.	statement	db
As a girl, sometimes it is lovely to hang at a place where you can wear next to nothing and no one will even look at you.	statement	db
It would be great if there were separate male and female cubicles, because sometimes I really have to pee (especially when I drink) but then there might be some guy shitting inside :(.	statement	db
I would definitely recommend to anyone who drops by Singapore to not miss out on this local delight!	statement	db
The first impression when entered was very good.	statement	db
Anyone who is a fan of Xiao La Ciao would be disappointed with the spicy chicken (la zi Ji) here.	statement	db
Just one small tip not to order what the host tried to push.	statement	db
The quality is certainly not up to what you'd expect from an authentic Sichuan joint in a Chinese city, but for Singapore, it serves to fix the occasional craving.	statement	db
This is the only place that I know who has this choice.	statement	db
In addition, this place is great for people who can't take spicy soup - you can ask for ""non spicy"" which has no pepper at all.	statement	db
My favorite is the sliced pork in soup, where the soup is the same base, but has additional ingredients which makes it more tasty.	statement	db
Two downs for me  What I do like is its watecress soup, pig's trotters and pork ribs.	statement	db
Though I don't know why I would subject myself to the noon heat slurping the hot soup in a non- air conditioned hawker center, it was worth the trip.	statement	db
They also refill your soup for free as many times as you need, (at least 3 times, which is what they did for me), so you will undoubtedly walk away very warm and satisfied.	statement	db
When I was a kid, I used to frequent Ah Hua BKT at Outram Park with my grandfather, who has been their loyal customer for decades.	statement	db
For those who don't eat pork, they have fish soup!	statement	db
Dont know since when the price has increased so much but it costed us around 15-20$/pax for a reasonable amount of basic soup + additional dishes.	statement	db
In the end, the bill came up to $24 which is expensive compared to what you get elsewhere at this type of ambience.	statement	db
I found myself coming back here a few times a week, and thinking about it every day when I wanted a refreshing light meal.	statement	db
Usually, despite how low-fat frozen treats are, I usually feel guilty after eating it knowing I consumed unnecessary sugars/carbs, but with Yami Yogurt, I did not feel that way at all when I ordered their original.	statement	db
They say you get what you pay for and thus I was more than pleasantly surprised at the spread for lunch at Chiso Zanmai considering it's just $15 for an all-you-can-eat buffet.	statement	db
I thoroughly enjoyed pigging out at Chiso Zanmai and again for $15, just an absolute bargain when you consider an ala carte lunch coming out around the same price.	statement	db
To be honest, I am very surprised at how CZ manages to survive, what with its very low price point for an extensive Japanese buffet.	statement	db
For days when we require meat for parties, I'll get the whole slab of good quality meat back home to serve.	statement	db
My joy was palpable when this joint recently opened a month or so ago.	statement	db
My face lit up with the happiness one experiences when there is a party in one's mouth.	statement	db
The place was full when we step in but the staff politely manage to arrange a table for us.	statement	db
Especially when you are starving, waiting time can get u agitated.	statement	db
The lobster spaghetti I ordered was undercooked and felt like room temperature when served.	statement	db
So, somewhere along the way, we had a completely different experience than every one else who reviewed Capricci.	statement	db
However, when not at the table, they would stand around chatting to each other.	statement	db
if I knew what I know now, I would have simply ordered a spaghetti and meatball dish.	statement	db
My wife and I dropped in randomly when we were exploring the area looking for an apartment.	statement	db
We had a drink and struck up a conversation with the manager who gave good advice about rentals in Singapore.	statement	db
Here's why everyone was eating there...  A buffet lunch for $10 nett.	statement	db
Great service, good food and when it comes to the bill, no additional service charge or GST.	statement	db
Their ravioli is really to die for, but I would also recommend the degustation menu if you're here for the first time, as you get to try out all the best the menu has to offer and following that you can kinda decide what to get here the next time (which, I'm sure, you will be back).	statement	db
Came for Restaurant Week last month, but ditched that set when we saw the menu!	statement	db
I'm a sucker for deep fried food so hello croquetas - when I see something breaded, I'm thinking YES.	statement	db
We also ordered the cured Atlantic octopus, grilled peppers with sea salt, grilled pork balls, croquettas, king oyster mushrooms, glazed pork loin, the pastilla, aaaand I can't remember what else.	statement	db
I think I will stick with tapas restaurants in Seattle where they really kick it up a notch!	statement	db
I was introduced to Meta when we were there on a special occasion.	statement	db
Located in the colonial style shop house along Keong Saik Road where you will find bustling with people in the night, Meta is a chic restaurant that offers contemporary Asian Cuisine in a Seasonal yet inventive way.	statement	db
I recommend this place for those who want to experience a different dining or on a special date.	statement	db
I reckoned it would be Asian inspired dishes and flavors with modern techniques and presentation but all that mattered when we embarked on the dinner was 'what's next'.	statement	db
The prawn head was the highlight of the dish though and everything else was what you'd expect of a sashimi dish.	statement	db
Prices are reasonable and value for what you get.	statement	db
I've always been skeptical of Restaurant Week, because there isn't much to do/show when you limit a restaurant to a certain price point.	statement	db
It's hard to put much faith in restaurants like these where they occupy the highest floors of any Bayfront buildings (or any restaurant with views).	statement	db
I was taken here on a Friday night dinner date and was immediately turned off when I expected the restaurant would have the best views but instead find out that the views can only be seen by people at the outside bar patio area.	statement	db
Below average food, poor drinks, terrible service, venue where you don't get a view, not worth the price.	statement	db
Spinach and ricotta manicotti type dish - rolled up stuffed pasta tubes - also very bland, and no one even offered me parmesan cheese, which we saw sitting on the counter when we walked out.	statement	db
However, what is truly excellent is their wine service from their in house sommelier (yes, this is for you wine aficionados who need your glasses changed depending whether you have a big burgundy red, or a more subtle Pinot.	statement	db
Was here for a business lunch so I knocked 1 star off assuming if I had to pay for what I got.	statement	db
But poor execution when two of my colleagues fish mains were undercooked!	statement	db
Located on the highest floor of the newly-renovated Ocean Financial Centre, enjoy your dinner with spectacular views when you dine at Zafferano.	statement	db
My dining partner who was having vegetarian, got left out of one course.	statement	db
Apparently this place has been around for years, and is popular with the older folks who remembered going there for wedding banquets and other occasions.	statement	db
My nephews who are ""fan tong"" (love rice a lot) basically shunned it.	statement	db
It was sold out but the staff did not inform us when we ordered.	statement	db
It can be better, and it did get better for those who know the people there.	statement	db
Even with a large group, the food was served in a timely am fashion and every dish was hot when it got to us.	statement	db
and - I meant surprising in the sense that I didn't actually expect the food to be good, with expectations further tempered when I saw the restaurant, and it all turned out to be decent - with some dishes actually much better than average (objectively, all other things aside).	statement	db
the first arrived when we were rather too full to appreciate it properly, but the latter went down in spite of the too fullness (my dad had seconds, rather impressively).	statement	db
Excellence in food and tradition is the core of what he does.	statement	db
Place is rather small and narrow - we had seats where we were practically in the corridor area of Marina Link.	statement	db
This restaurant is located at the top level of suntec and gives a nice view to customers especially when they are dining and looking down to the 1st floor.	statement	db
Olive Vine, a cheap and good place to dine in when you're on a budget.	statement	db
The owner is an effervescent man who used to work as a trader on both Wall St and in Hongkong.	statement	db
It's true they only speak Chinese here and my fluent colleague ordered everything while I happily ate what was placed in front of us, but next time I'm going back and just pointing at the picture I took of the dish.	statement	db
Someone suggested this area for a lovely view with dinner, which is exactly what each of the restaurants on the strip offer.	statement	db
To peg it as very spicy is to be extremely kind, which explains why there's a big jug of water placed on each table.	statement	db
However, considering that this IS Marina Bay Sands where you pay $10 for chicken rice and $27 for a Margherita pizza.	statement	db
Having had below par scallops recently, this certainly helped the Gf put into perspective what beautifully cooked scallops should taste like.	statement	db
Fish & Chips  Now THIS is what I call fish and chips.	statement	db
Rich and smooth chocolate on top with a brownie like base, this is what I call A DESSERT!	statement	db
However, because of the price, I can see why people are put off.	statement	db
They make a mistake in order and all they say is ""well, at least it's cheaper than what you wanted to get"" - that's not the point.	statement	db
And usually when you have the least expectations, it will surpass and impress.	statement	db
They were also proactive to offer suggestions on what to order based on the clientele of the table, which I appreciated.	statement	db
Great drinks, kind staff (although not the most attentive), chill vibe and comfortable setting especially when they open the window doors when it's not hazy outside.	statement	db
Went on another occasion where I sat at the bar and had their whiskey sour with homemade almost syrup (can't remember the exact name) and was floored by how amazing it was.	statement	db
Didn't take long for the food to arrive and timing was good as what you'd see in hells kitchen or any other Gordon Ramsay shows... Mac and cheese.. Was FANTASTIC!!	statement	db
Definitely not what you would expect from Gordon Ramsey.	statement	db
The coffee was the most expensive I've ever had & thankfully it was a great tasting coffee, up there with Melbourne coffee standards BUT when the coffee costs almost half the price of your main then that is a bit of a worry.	statement	db
I'm not sure what was in the breading but it was delicious.	statement	db
This is what a burger should taste like.	statement	db
I've eaten there a couple of times, on business lunches/dinners or cocktails at the private back room, and I can see why people choose this place.	statement	db
The food is consistent and while not entirely creative or home style (which is what sometimes comes to mine with Italian from certain regions), it is executed very well.	statement	db
Oso definitely goes on my list of safe business lunch places when people ask me for recommendations.	statement	db
Oso is fabulous, we had a warm tossed salad, mushroom soup, and prosciutto with rock melon to kick start what turned out at the end of the night to be a fantastic meal.	statement	db
It is this good every time I come, which is why I have no qualms about recommending friends to Oso because I know they are guaranteed a good meal.	statement	db
This is exactly what chef and partner of OSO Ristorante, Diego Chiarini, has done for the lucky and occasionally capricious diners of Singapore.	statement	db
On Friday and Saturday very crowded and it can take a few minutes until a waiter finds you on the balcony, however, we didn't really mind as we are not in a rush when enjoying great food and wine.	statement	db
The price factor is probably why most diners keep returning as it is very affordable and not overly pricey.	statement	db
Must try items would be the orange fried egg squares that is one of the top selling ingredients, and also the main reason why I patronise the store.	statement	db
I personally found the food a little oily, and so did another friend, who felt that this more or less masked the overall taste, so it was hard to tell if it was fresh or not.	statement	db
Then again I guess that this is often the least of our worries when it comes to this sort of food, and the oiliness perhaps stemmed from the fact that all the items were so freshly deep fried.	statement	db
While some of the frozen yogurts I've tried are sometimes too watery and bland tasting on its own, Red Mango's seems to be able to stand well on its own without adding flavouring or additional toppings to it which is what a good cup of frozen yogurt should be able to do.	statement	db
In comparison to other stores which offer toppings such as nuts, granola and cereal, Red Mango stands by their policy of keeping it fresh and healthy - which is what our aim for getting that yogurt is most of the time.	statement	db
Don't get sidetracked by fancy toppings and defeat the purpose is what I say!	statement	db
Cripsy Spring Roll - This is just what a crispy spring roll should be.	statement	db
Like the spring roll, it was very much what I expect in the dish.	statement	db
Pho is such a simple dish but when it is done well it is delightful.	statement	db
A good bowl of pho is what awaits you at this simple Vietnamese restaurant.	statement	db
Many poke places are starting to sprout up in Singapore, and Aloha Poke doesn't fulfil my expectations of what a poke joint should be.	statement	db
Although poke is supposed to be a raw fish salad, I wasn't in the mood for fish when I stopped by so I did an unconventional veggie bowl.	statement	db
I felt like I was eating each ingredient ""separately"" because it wasn't tossed and if I tried to toss it, I'm sure a piece of pineapple worth $100 would fall out (my joke when prices are really expensive at these hipster joints, for very small portions of imported concept cuisine).	statement	db
The light hearted atmosphere made it very pleasant indeed, and it was clear why there'd be so many patrons sitting around and chatting after they had long finished their lunch.	statement	db
I'm not sure what it was but the paneer is good, not the usual rubbery cube but a soft, tender cheese in a richly spiced and slightly creamy curry.	statement	db
Even my British partner who grew up in a mostly Indian-populated part of UK had to concede that they were so very good.	statement	db
And when I'm at the restaurant, I prefer to dine al fresco with a thirst quenching Paulaner in hand :)	statement	db
Food:  Okay, so I'm probably a newbie compared to everyone in Singapore when it comes to Indian food, but honestly this has to be one of my favorite Indian restaurants in Singapore.	statement	db
To each his own when it comes to value for money, but this place always hits the spot for me.	statement	db
Heard lots of delightful tales about the sumptuous feasts some of my friends and family had shared at this place - and when a friend of mine offered to buy me dinner - I jumped at this opportunity to try this place out, and BOY were we in for a huge surprise!	statement	db
So thanks to being heavily engaged w/ Yelp, I was basically put in charge of choosing where we eat almost everyday during our 3-week stay.	statement	db
The menu, our glasses of water, and everything came super fast w/ the exception of when it was time to pay.	statement	db
I would say everything turns out to be pretty good, just like what fine Peranakan cooking should be and the prices are reasonable and definitely cheaper than Candlenut.	statement	db
The food is definitely above average but I would say that it lacks the surprises I get from Candlenut where I feel the presentation of the food and the combination of ingredients and flavors are all perfect.	statement	db
I am not sure what I was waiting for.	statement	db
it's so good that you might find yourself licking the plate clean) that's been sitting in a stew enriched with shallots, chilli peppers, lemon grass, turmeric, coconut, and galangal for more than four hours... Servings are larger than at the Grandma's Restaurants on Orchard, where they are puny and never enough, and they come up to about the same price-tag (and taste a LOT better).	statement	db
The price level is higher than what you would expect at a 'local joint' but less than those of many of the other 'westernised' eateries' we visit.	statement	db
The whole fish is a little intimidating when it first arrives at the table but just get stuck in!	statement	db
Worth a try for people who enjoys good food especially tasty peranakan cuisine.	statement	db
I thought the food was good, but it didn't strike me as all that different from what could be purchased at a hawker center for a fraction of the price.	statement	db
To me, it seems that what you're paying for at Blue Ginger is table service and a seat in a room with air-con.	statement	db
In general, I think this is a decent place to take friends from out of town who want to try Peranakan food but who wouldn't enjoy the environs of a hawker centre.	statement	db
There are these times that one has an inkling that a place is good - just judging by what it looks like.	statement	db
Of course we would chose a day (Monday) where the famous Tian Tian Chicken stall was closed!	statement	db
The portion is perfect for one and just right when you washed down with a cuppa joe, in my case, I chose my favorite chai latte.	statement	db
But then, it's Singapore where you're expected to fork out extra at a slightly better establishment.	statement	db
Though note that half the space is set up almost as if catered for the lone customer who wants to get some reading and work done, which is great.	statement	db
I didn't eat much here, but what I did have was very flavorful and really hit the spot, though it was a bit pricey.	statement	db
A different server came by every 5-10 minutes to make sure everything was fine, which meant I could flag down virtually anyone working and get assistance when I needed to order.	statement	db
The service was good, with constant topping up of water and removing of plates when done.	statement	db
Waitresses and waiters came by frequently to check on what we needed so overall i think it is a good dining experience.	statement	db
The food was tasty, and value for money depended on what was ordered.	statement	db
I don't care what anyone says, the chef here is just brilliant!!!	statement	db
and asked for more when our starters arrived - these clearly showed kitchen expertise.	statement	db
It's a problem around the world, but I do get a little antsy when restaurants serve up sumptuous starters, mediocre mains, and disappointing desserts.	statement	db
Oh what a let down.	statement	db
I had genuine hopes for Burlamacco when I went in... and I feel rather irritated that I was let down this much.	statement	db
Harry's Bellini ($16) Signature blended concoction where fruity notes of peach schnapps and sliced peaches are complemented by the grenadine syrup.	statement	db
Harry's Signature Wings ($13/ 6pcs, $19/ 10pcs) Harry's signature treat when friends come by : crispy wings dressed with house blend of spices.	statement	db
For us Americans and those who have strong ties to American sports, unfortunately have to watch primetime games early in the morning.	statement	db
Fortunately, Harry's opens at 7:30am to cater to us folk, who are crazy enough to watch these games so early in the morning.	statement	db
I asked the staff why and they indicated they couldn't track the orders with such a large group of people.	statement	db
Sitting outside's comfortable, I count myself lucky when I sit at Harry's and the background noise is just the football match on TV and not from a live band - those are so annoying.	statement	db
The service's decent, though when the waitress asked my friend if he wanted some more, she pointed at herself instead of the restaurant, which was in the same direction.	statement	db
The same gang who run Mirana in the basement of Chevron House, my review was pretty bad for that place because the food was cold.	statement	db
The soup was average, not sure why a chunk of corn in a broth is classed as soup.	statement	db
So, what we have here is a bar where the price of the beers go up and down based upon the sales in proportion with each other.	statement	db
Thus the price of a popular beer goes up, while the least popular beers go down (which is probably why they don't have VB on tap).	statement	db
And again when we wanted to order and the bill.	statement	db
Loved the concept of Beer Market where the prices of beers rise and fall based on demand at the bar.	statement	db
The stock market concept is meant to appeal to financial-types who have nosh to spend on beer after a long day slogging it out - very clever of the owners of this place!	statement	db
But, what I really love about beer market is the fact that Shili and Adi perform here on Thursdays and Fridays.	statement	db
They are an awesome band (disclosure: they're my friends back from Uni days) who have gotten better since going commercial.	statement	db
Imagine my horror when I saw the price of Asahi nudging towards S$15 when others, such as Chang, stayed stagnant at slightly over S$10.	statement	db
Novel concept of a stock market, where drink prices fluctuate throughout the night.	statement	db
Yuzu Pistachio logcake ($8.50++) is also another stunning creation where the nutty pistachio cream with plenty of grinded nuts are rolled in feathery light sponge and smeared with a tart citrusy cheese frosting.	statement	db
I should have realised that when in Singapore the vindaloo is going to be really, really spicy, namely because it is going to be much more authentic than the stuff you pick up in the food halls back in Australia.	statement	db
Now that is what I call a good vindaloo.	statement	db
However, as I have suggested, there is really only one thing I eat when I eat Indian - yep, Vindaloo.	statement	db
I like when people give me free stuff.	statement	db
I popped in here on Tuesday when I just wasn't feeling so hot, and ordered a take away simple margarita pizza.	statement	db
Way too overpriced for what they have to offer.	statement	db
Soooo this is no Dominos (which I guess is a plus for some) but it gets the job done when you're craving a cheesy, golden crusted pie.	statement	db
And it leaves a bad taste in my mouth when they deceive about the price.	statement	db
You should know this -- it would be a shame if you ordered 2 of the cheapest pizzas ($18, and end up paying $30 when you expect it to be $18.	statement	db
Although tasty, I don't think this place does it for me when I get a hankering for good pizza.	statement	db
The day we came there was a special where you get 2 pizzas for the price of 1 which made it a bit more reasonably priced.	statement	db
And I was over the moon with what I found!	statement	db
I cannot remember when was the last time I had elvers, not to mention fresh not canned.	statement	db
It's the sort of thing you might expect your 10 year old child to serve you after volunteering to make dinner and using only what was already on hand.	statement	db
Afterwards, we shared two ala carte ""mains"" that get better reviews than what I've listed above.	statement	db
Maybe my expectations are too high, but then again they should be when you're paying almost 80 a person.	statement	db
great staff who offered great drinks especially if u dance hard!	statement	db
I would definitely be back when in need of a place to chill with some friends!	statement	db
Also if you are like me where you are sharing the actual whole lobster with another person, you will begin to notice that there is a stark difference in the amount of lobster on the roll compared with the actual lobster.	statement	db
It's one of those places where the owner cares so little I don't feel I should care either.	statement	db
Conclusion, it was not chocolate enough even when it's both chocolate cake with chocolate ganache.	statement	db
The coffee is quite affordable when compared to most joints but it is not as thick as the others.	statement	db
Didn't try it this time round, but will definately go back when I feel like a green tea latte as they are so hard to find :)	statement	db
The slice of ham and sausage were negligible but what truly hit home was the simple toasted brioche and sauteed mushrooms with confit tomatoes.	statement	db
The sauteed mushrooms were nicely seasoned and confit tomatoes so juicy and sweet that even someone like me, who usually avoid tomatoes like the plague, finished the portion given.	statement	db
The service staff were fairly attentive although perhaps the girl who served us was new as we asked her a couple questions about what was in the food and Iced SGC Tea and she had to check with her boss.	statement	db
I had been to Kith earlier in the day and in comparison to what I had there (big breakfast, toastie sandwich, iced latte for $24) this was pretty pricey.	statement	db
We like places where we can bring our laptops and stay for a few hours.	statement	db
Now I know why it's called Selfish Gene...	statement	db
Apparently I reviewed the wrong location of Gayatri a while back when I was still a Singapore newbie and didn't know my Robinson Road from my Telok Ayers, duh!	statement	db
But when I do have cravings for it, all I  want is a plate of boneless, skinless breast meat atop garlic rice.	statement	db
Just what I needed for my SG-styled chicken rice.	statement	db
Great if you want something simple to eat when you roaming Chinatown!	statement	db
This is a good place for those who like plenty of options or a group of people who has different dining preferences.	statement	db
For the indecisive ones who wants a bit of everything, you can order the union sampler which comes with two petite mains from any of the three stalls + a petite Caesar salad.	statement	db
However, instead of it vibrating to alert you to retrieve your order, somehow a server whom you've never seen in your life will just find where you're sitting and deliver your food.	statement	db
(Yes I have kept all of their Souperholic cards.. from when they stamped it till the digital one where they store your points into..)   At the Raffles City Outlet, they sell the same thing as the other Soup Spoon outlets.	statement	db
So for those who are feeling guilty about munching fried food all the time and cringe at the thought of splurging $8-$22 for a bowl of vegetables, stick to the tastier option of Soup Spoon.	statement	db
Unionisation zooms in when the F&B business expand and that's what I have recently seen at the basement of Raffles City Shopping Centre.	statement	db
Never gets hungry, the floor below the ground is always flooded with lunch crowds & tourists when the clock stroke noon.	statement	db
A few apron-clad personnel will bring you the food when it's ready except for the soup when it's readily available.	statement	db
There's no cross-ordering; you can't order for a THB dessert at TSS when u wanted a soup to go along.	statement	db
Lightly seasoned, the soup has a lively soul heightened by the onion and garlic to it when I mop up its last drop with my bun.	statement	db
I usually come here for a meal with my girlfriends when we don't feel like having too heavy.	statement	db
The latter is truly inspired, what with the bits of mandarin oranges and unique vinaigrette, but I usually steer clear from the full portion because that's simply way too much tofu for one sitting.	statement	db
They have specialties occasionally, such as when they serve the blue cheese variety.	statement	db
If you ever made soup, you will know the intense trouble that goes into making one so why not save the trouble and head down to The Soup Spoon.	statement	db
For someone who hardly finishes half her noodles, I cleaned up my bowl!!	statement	db
First time trying dry ramen noodles and it was literally flavour explosion + wondering why this wasn't in my life earlier.	statement	db
I was craving ramen so badly when I went to Singapore on my 5 days trip so I was browsing and looking for interesting ramen place.	statement	db
That was when I found Kajiken who continues the evolution of ramen shop around the Orchid Hotel, Singapore.	statement	db
I thought it would be a really good start to introduce myself to what Kajiken offered.	statement	db
Extra toppings can be added onto the order depending on what you want, for example additional soft boiled egg will cost extra $1.5 or cod roe with mayo will cost $3.	statement	db
Initially Marutama drew my curiosity because of its long queue almost every time I visit the Central, which used to be pretty often when I was based in Singapore.	statement	db
I won't be the first to say that I had my doubts when I glanced through the menu looking for a pork based soup.	statement	db
Tip: Ladies who do not want to over-eat during their lunch hour can stop by Marutama Ramen for this mini rice dish.	statement	db
I ended up wandering here after trying to go to song fa on a Monday, when it is unfortunately not open (curses, no data plan in SG!).	statement	db
the egg was perfectly soft boiled and marinated in what tasted like a shoyu / mirin mix.	statement	db
For the guys who have big appetites, if you've finished your noodles, be sure to leave some broth cus for $2, you can top up the exact same amount of noodles!	statement	db
I like that even though it's spicy it doesn't take away the flavor the way hot miso paste does when you try to order spicy versions of tonkotsu ramen at some places.	statement	db
Their portion is also exactly right for me; not too much where it goes to waste, but not too little where after I finish the noodles, there is still half a bowl of broth left.	statement	db
The soup broth is my favourite part of the meal, it's thick and not too salty when coupled with the ramen.	statement	db
They also serve the most well cooked 'hot spring eggs', where they manage to serve eggs that are cooked on the outside but soft and melty in the yolk every single time I've dined there.	statement	db
My go-to place when I want to have no-frills, inexpensive ramen.	statement	db
They also have free flow of water on each table which is a very good thing for someone like me who needs to drink a lot of water with her food.	statement	db
Of course, we all have different tolerances for spicy, and someone who doesn't order spicy ramen may well give this 3*.	statement	db
That was the highlight of my meal, and why I'm rounding off the 3.5* to a 4*!	statement	db
Note: I heard this place usually has a queue so you might have to make allowances for that but I was luck enough not to encounter one when I went last thursday (2pm).	statement	db
Marutama, or that ""basketball ramen place"" as my friends and I call it, has always been a back-up plan for when Santouka has a long waiting list.	statement	db
Personally I've found that they lack consistency when it comes to the broth and noodles.	statement	db
I'm not sure if they open it up for regular seating but if that's what you're looking for, be sure to call ahead and make a reservation.	statement	db
On the plus side, it was fragrant and spicy for those who like or don't mind thick broths.	statement	db
It's a chicken-based broth instead of the richer tonkotsu version, and perhaps that's why I'm not as wowed.	statement	db
Alot of people have been raving about this place ever since it opened but I wasn't blown away by it when I tried it.	statement	db
I'd read somewhere that the kebabs at this place were pretty good, so I made note to visit, and when I arrived I realised they served Iranian style kebabs.	statement	db
It seemed plain but had a subtle flavour when I ate it.	statement	db
Now, stuck in the corner of a less known coffee shop, the love isn't what is use to be.	statement	db
We walked in after chancing upon it when we were trying to look for a nice place with Prosecco that we can sit, eat and chill along Circular Road.	statement	db
There were a bunch of high school kids enjoying hookah and the weeks' gossip when we took our seats.	statement	db
We headed downstairs after about 20 minutes when we'd had enough of the scene upstairs and took a table right at the edge of the water.	statement	db
My glass was never empty and the servers seemed to anticipate exactly what we needed, when we needed it.	statement	db
We ordered 2 mezz platters, both were underwhelming but what still gives me nightmares was the shawarmas.	statement	db
Located at the basement of Liang Court, I had no idea about this place thanks to a friend who came back from Okinawa not too long ago and recommend us to give it a try.	statement	db
I always believe in having presentable menus to let the customers look forward to enjoy what they have ordered.	statement	db
Pick what you like!	statement	db
It's salty and fresh, and when you chew it up, the little balls growing as part of the seaweed pop in your mouth, They have the same texture as fish eggs!	statement	db
Food here is reasonably priced, and I would say a meal here would cost you about $50 and above per pax, depending on what you order.	statement	db
:)  Make sure you call and make a booking beforehand, as this place is very popular and the tables are always filled when I come in the evenings for dinner.	statement	db
It was like if you were born to Japanese parents, and they packed it in your lunch box and you feel euphoric when you bite into it on a cold winter day.	statement	db
Thoroughly enjoyed my first visit with the boyfriend when we got sick of the usual Japanese izakayas.	statement	db
Here's where the smallest tweaks make the most astounding difference.	statement	db
My dining companions both times enjoyed their sets like the chirashi, the wagyu beef, the unagi..but do note, they now serve the chirashi as a single serving instead of the first time when they had 3 separate bamboo shaped serving implements for 3 different chopped sashimi on rice.	statement	db
He looked quite serious but broke into a smile when eye contact was made.	statement	db
They have the typical beers on tap (though I noticed that there was no Fosters - something that you practically find in every pub in London) but what I did like was the outdoor seating along the river.	statement	db
However what I loved about the place was the building, but then again it is a traditional English pub (that even has football on television - the English version that is), so I wouldn't expect anything less.	statement	db
The prices are decent for beers during happy hour and they also have a English pub feel when you sit inside.	statement	db
A bit of a letdown since fries are a personal vice that even when I crave lots of healthy foods is difficult to pass up.	statement	db
They use fresh ahi tuna for the salad and the romaine lettuce at least didn't wilt nor did they drench it in dressing - which is a common thing in Singapore when you order a salad.	statement	db
This is just a great place to go for a few beers before you decide where to eat that night.	statement	db
The overall dinner experience here is very pleasant and I will recommend Bistro Soori to everyone who is looking to have good dinner with fresh and tasty food.	statement	db
Overall, I came away thinking the food was well executed, presentation was clean like most modern European restaurants (honestly, we should just say ""western"" food when there's no clear influence from any country) and the service was decent.	statement	db
The meat is still being cooked on the sizzling stone when it comes out.	statement	db
There's always that long queue in the morning, so I try to avoid it and go in the afternoon instead, where the breakfast crowd has subsided and half the Raffles Place population have been chained to their screens.	statement	db
Which is why each bun you pick up is bound to be a little warm, a little crispy, and very good.	statement	db
Best decide what you want before joining as it moves quite fast.	statement	db
If you've never tried piping hot cream cheese in a bun that melts out when you bite into it, you are really missing out.	statement	db
u r lucky if you get it right out of e oven when it is warm, e cheese oozes out with every bite.	statement	db
First of all, the buns are very light and when it is fresh out of the oven, they are fluffy.	statement	db
You want this when it's warm fresh out of the oven to eat.	statement	db
Come here for an after party bite or to catch up with the live musicians who play at the local bars nearby.	statement	db
The mixed crispy vegetables with Thai sweet chilli is a must have regardless of what you order.	statement	db
Even when it taste great.	statement	db
The chili flavored sausage on the side was actually pretty good, where I loved the spicy pork flavor it embodied.	statement	db
But ultimately, it is up to your own will power to decide what sides to eat.	statement	db
The chicken meat here was strangely drier than what I remembered from the robinson road and paya lebar square outlets.	statement	db
It's a convenient place to sit down and have a meeting when you don't care too much about your food.	statement	db
On the downside, I noticed the servers often DO NOT use gloves when serving and dishing the food -- not only is this kinda disgusting but it's a health hazard.	statement	db
My favourite has got to be the roast chicken salad as although it was roasted it was still really tender and i hate it when i have to eat dry chicken.	statement	db
You get what you pay for.	statement	db
Instead get the 'yang-yum-kal-bi',' which every Korean-American knows, is the ONLY reason why you do K-BBQ.	statement	db
I do not really know when this place opened but it seems fairly recent as the restaurant looks pretty clean and the walls are not yet stained by the years and the BBQ soot.	statement	db
Here's what we had,  Butter chicken - This was fabulous.	statement	db
2) Prawns (don't remember what it was called) - I initially thought it was prawns cooked in the tandoor oven by itself which it is but also they add this sauce to it which tasted like I'm eating chinese food.	statement	db
This is one of the highest end Indian restaurants in a convenient Area of town for people who do not wish to Journey to little India.	statement	db
I probably am contradicting myself BIG TIME when I say this bc I love great hole-in-the-wall restaurants, but I am super picky when it comes to the establishments from which I get my share of delicious Indian cuisine.	statement	db
And when my friend and I arrived, there was no one manning the podium out front.	statement	db
It didn't start well when they didn't have our reservation.	statement	db
This is what I would call a hidden wonder.	statement	db
As far as a fine dining experience, this exemplifies what I expect in service.	statement	db
However, when a dinner is going to come in at over $500 for two, it really has to meet all marks.	statement	db
They close at 3 on weekdays, but usually when the hawker crowd becomes scarce, they will start packing by 2, so you need to be there before 2!	statement	db
Dessert is paired perfectly with Piao Ji's Fish soup as the stall is nearby, what better way to cool down after a good bowl of hot soup!	statement	db
Granted, they are located next to the Merlion, a tourist hot spot, which explains why they racked up their prices.	statement	db
But that is where the difference comes in.	statement	db
As it was Wednesday when I visited the restaurant, the daily special was Barachirashi 7 colours ($24.80).	statement	db
(Also, there were times when the fish was bad/sour or i got sick after, but its not stopped me from going back!)	statement	db
Although once, when i ordered a large bottle of sake and they didnt have it, they brought it over from teppei (the more famous sister restaurant)!	statement	db
No idea why this place even offers a buffet style.	statement	db
But when I was there with a friend, we asked the waitress twice how many sides we get.	statement	db
She wasn't clear on the first time, that's why we had to ask her twice.	statement	db
Typically the rice tends to be hard and dry, but over here, the rice is cooked just right and still fluffy when I ate it.	statement	db
I would recommend a try if you are looking for tasty peppery soup in the CBD area and do not want to perspire when having piping hot soup.	statement	db
I discovered this place after searching the recommended bars in Singapore and I must say that it was not what I expected.	statement	db
Jump another fifteen minutes before I first of all work out the numbering of the stalls and then where it is locate - only to discover that it was closed.	statement	db
It's for those who enjoy the finer things in life such as CRAFT beer that YOU HAVE GIVEN UP FOR A STUPID TOKEN.	statement	db
(JK, I admire what you all in AA are doing.	statement	db
They even carry some pansy craft-crap for those who can't hold anything down.	statement	db
If you don't get what I'm saying, you might want to consider amping up your brain power a bit...and a strong trappiste might really aid you in the process.	statement	db
Anyone who gives less that 4 stars...well...I figured water and tea is what floats your boat.	statement	db
It's so melon-y in its scent you can smell it immediately when the bottle cap is removed.	statement	db
Hopefully the selection of beers will still be interesting and extensive when they re-open!	statement	db
The owners are friendly, and will happily tell you which beers go well with what you're eating.	statement	db
My friend who didn't enjoy sweet alcohol like me ordered a Scottish Ale with Beer Dude's recommendation, and enjoyed her drink as well.	statement	db
If you here for a meal and can't decide what to have, tell Daniel what you're having for dinner and he'll do his best to recommend something that goes along.	statement	db
The fact that it is in the middle of the Smith St Complex and that they can help you decide what food to get with your beer kicks it up a whole other notch.	statement	db
Why deal with the pretense of Clarke Quay when you can just get down to the business of drinking delicious beer (you can still walk to CQ if you want to, afterwards).	statement	db
The good:  It's in the DNA of an expat to relish the mix of the familiar with the unfamiliar, and that's exactly what this place does.	statement	db
Please open on Sunday, that's when us expats drink the most!	statement	db
Overall, it was ok. Not what I expected but alright.	statement	db
If you're a lover of craft beer, this is the place to go to (and next door where they have even fresher stuff on tap).	statement	db
These two recipes may hail from origins so far away from each other  but when combined, gives you a party in your mouth!	statement	db
I found myself wishing that I lived closer to Chinatown but when I felt that hangover the next morning.	statement	db
If you are craving some upmarket brew to go with your hawker food of choice, this is where you need to be.	statement	db
So I brought a friend to Good Beer and the poor man didn't know what hit him.	statement	db
Their flat white, which had delicious notes of rum and raisin when I had it :) It was a mix of flavours and unlike any other I had before.	statement	db
I raised this with the barista who was happy to change it for me.	statement	db
Service though is extremely slow, even when - as in my case - there are no more then 3 tables occupied in total at any given time.	statement	db
I was getting a bit unhappy and when the guy came to the back where I was sitting (to clean the bar there, not speak to me!)	statement	db
mains were comfort food which aren't really what I would want from a cafe.	statement	db
the men werent as attentive as the lady server who attended to us and asked us for specific feedback on their dishes.	statement	db
might give them a second chance but maybe in a while when they get things together.	statement	db
I went to this cafe when it was still newly open and there wasn't much crowd that night.	statement	db
The Loft Cafe is a great place to come if you need somewhere to do your work on a weekday afternoon - which is exactly what I do!	statement	db
In total I paid $22.50 for my meal and two drinks, which I guess is pretty reasonable, only the omelette was over-priced for what I got!	statement	db
Sadly, these days the standards even among the famous few like Ban Seng, Hung Kang, Mong Hing and Tai Seng, are not what they used to be.	statement	db
But it's the perfect place for special occasions with elders who will definitely appreciate it.	statement	db
From this perspective, it is what I picture when I think of evening meals in Singapore.	statement	db
I do think it is a restaurant that deserves some consideration when selecting a fine dining experience in Boat Quay.	statement	db
The Japanese eggplant was sliced into rounds was plain on its own naturally but a perfect match when eaten with the pasta.	statement	db
Compared to numerous other restaurants who try to rip off the customers too prominently on holidays, this place offered quite a convincing meal at a reasonable price.	statement	db
For the first-timers who are new to bar culture, Caffé B recommends that you start off by finding out your preferred base for alcohol drinks before working your way around and they hope that you'll eventually end up loving the forgotten classics which are the purest way to enjoy the spirits.	statement	db
You know it's excellent ribs when they tasted smokey, looked dark and charred.	statement	db
When we cut it, it was exactly like what we asked for.	statement	db
We were 2/3 way thru our meal when our waiter came up to us, asked ""how many coffees & teas"" (yes, he helpfully informed us it came with our set lunch).	statement	db
Entertained our very active little toddler who was getting restless during our lunch.	statement	db
I went to Ruth's Chris a few times before when I was in the US and it was one of my favorite steakhouses.	statement	db
I was sad though, when I heard that they didn't serve shoestring potatoes.	statement	db
I first heard about Ruth's Chris Steakhouse when I was reading a Tom Clancy novel and the way the steaks were described made me hunger for them all this while (7years).	statement	db
It's definitely not cheap, but to compare it with Morton's (its closest competitor), I'd have to say that what you're paying for at Ruth's is almost equal to or even better than what you get at Morton's.	statement	db
I think there are usually 2 but there was only seasoned spiced beansprouts when I got there.	statement	db
I am not sure if they only did this because we arrived when they opened, but they cooked all of our sides fresh and they were all delicious: fried potatoes with pork gravy, pan-fried eggplant, and eggs with tomatoes and chives.	statement	db
I'm not sure if the queues are still as long as they were when I first went but if there aren't queues then that's definitely a big reason why I'd go back.	statement	db
The concept is a set menu where you get 5 gyoza (pork) with 2 sides for about $14.	statement	db
I know this because instead of getting an explosion of rich sweet meat juice when I bit into it, I got an explosion of water, which reminds me of when I overboiled my frozen gyoza back when I was in college.	statement	db
It was topped with duck confit but if you're feeling like that, I would highly recommend instead to go for the mixed charcuterie platter where you get alot more with a wide selection of tender quality cold cuts.	statement	db
Really good rendition and I always appreciate when the ice cream comes not melted..so many places can't get that important detail right these days.	statement	db
The flavours were weak - not a word that typically comes to mind when it comes to Mexican food.	statement	db
Been here once and might come back just for the view or when I'm in the area.	statement	db
3 tacos for S$15, that's what I'd call a more reasonable price for tacos in Singapore.	statement	db
I particularly liked the no fuss self-serve style where you order at the counter, collect your food and clear the trash when you're done.	statement	db
Beggars can't be choosers when looking for tacos in Singapore, so see you there on Taco Tuesday.	statement	db
Sometimes I don't know what kind of tequila I want, and I'd like to chat with a bartender about it instead of getting the hipster-cold-shoulder, which happens so often at other Mexican joints here.	statement	db
So we decided to get billed for what we had on the table and cancel the rest of our orders.	statement	db
I've been here twice with friends, The first time was when they only had a ""soft"" opening and their food menu wasn't complete.	statement	db
And for that price, I don't see the value when I have the 3 small pieces of pork neck done like schnitzels, topped with creamy sauce and potato chips that occupied half of the plate.	statement	db
For those who want a place to chill out with friends and catch-up, there's a bigger seating area at the back for big groups.	statement	db
No need to have lighting resembling that of a sketchy club, when you are in a nice café where people want to go to talk each other, and in fact, see each other too.	statement	db
We had sufficient introduction and great service from the staff who made us feel comfortable throughout our whole dining experience.	statement	db
That's why I love staying at this hotel everywhere I go.	statement	db
We asked the server to cook it some more and when the steak was brought back out it was still rare.	statement	db
I guess this is part of their service to diners who sit at the booths which I feel was adequate for one person to slide in, slowly.	statement	db
Having checked out their menu online, I was still undecided on what to order so we decided to seek the recommendations of our waiter.	statement	db
The crowd was picking up by that time and I was impressed when our food came in record time.	statement	db
Almost to the point where I was tempted to order another one!	statement	db
The portion is somewhat larger then what most steakhouses would serve but we are not complaining.	statement	db
The sauce may seem a bit too light for those who are used to creamy, buttery sauce but I feel that it acts as an excellent foil to bring out the freshness of the fish.	statement	db
Overall a good experience if you know what to order from the start.	statement	db
The Vibe is exactly how a Morton's should be and the people who work their are awesome.	statement	db
We usually come here for the happy hour where martinis go for a song (relatively) and there's free flow of steak sandwiches to go around.	statement	db
Steaks make me happy, and when I know I'm headed to Morton's, my heart leaps.	statement	db
I listen obligatorily to the server's repertoire as they roll the meat cart around, explaining and pointing to the various cuts in a well-rehearsed manner, and managing to stifle a giggle when they pick up the lobster with its claws flailing about.	statement	db
However, when it comes to the steak selection, I only have eyes for the marbled US aged black angus ribeye ($97, moderately huge, we ordered one to split).	statement	db
The way their staff made me feel was probably the way Julia Roberts character in Pretty Woman felt when she tried to purchase clothing on Rodeo Drive, and I look/act nothing like a trashy hooker.	statement	db
I booked dinner at Morton's at the Mandarin Oriental as a special treat for my son and daughter in law, who I was visiting in Singapore.	statement	db
We are seated at one end where we have a great view what the chefs are cooking.	statement	db
Although the number of dishes may not looks as many as what is served in Teppei's $80 multi course meal, one really feels as full.	statement	db
As the place is not packed, we have the full attention of the staffs who shared small talks with us.	statement	db
This is the only Yakitori place you'll ever need when you r in Singapore.	statement	db
Even for those who tend to gobble up their food, you'll see them pause, close their eyes like they've gone to heaven before they return for another bite.	statement	db
Excellent small intimate with character on Duxton Road for what is one of the best beers in Singapore.	statement	db
I forgot to take a picture because they where too good.	statement	db
This restaurant is opened by Wolfgang Puck, a name that is very familiar when it comes to fine dining.	statement	db
Spago Singapore is also innovative in its own way and you will see this immediately when receiving the menu to find ""Kaya Toast"", Pan Seared Alaska Halibut ""Laksa"", and Steamed Salmon ""Hong Kong Style"" on their menu.	statement	db
Cocktails were made soooo slow and we waited for 20 mins, granted it was busy and the male server apologised, it was interesting to see that the people in work suits were given their beers and other drink orders before us when we were seated way before these people.	statement	db
So I was sold when they listed what they had and said Sangria.	statement	db
For anyone who loves to have a variety of dishes for any meal, the small plates format is your best option.	statement	db
We were not given any menus, or at least a list of what the cost of the omakase would be.	statement	db
The Singaporean chef was not 'grumpy' or moody or what not, but instead, very friendly.	statement	db
His wife, who was the only other staff at the restaurant, was not quite as friendly, standoffish, unsmiling and not welcoming as a wait staff!	statement	db
I did not understand what the rush was -- there were three other customers before us, and then later another two.	statement	db
I always wondered why the 2 most awesome meals like brunch and tea are mostly only available on weekends.	statement	db
It's perfect for business lunches and definitely for times when you simply just need to treat yourself.	statement	db
The closest Peruvian cuisine I've tried was Pio Pio in New York a couple of years back, so when I received an invitation from a friend to check it out, I said YES immediately.	statement	db
I love ceviche (& all raw fish dishes by extension: sashimi, poke,...yum), boozy nights, and I have a fondness for offal so when my friend asked me to go to Tiger's milk, I had one look on the menu and enthusiastically said: yes please!	statement	db
There was sufficient waitstaff who proactively filled up my water glass (& I am a water gobbler so kudos to them), cleared our dishes promptly and was helpful when we asked for additional sauce for our chips.	statement	db
That's what I like, especially for those who likes their prata ""clean"" without the curry or sugar.	statement	db
To start with the Dan Dan was nice though strangely we prefer what we had in yokohama.	statement	db
We let the chef decide what to serve and had a beautiful red spread with just the right servings for 5.	statement	db
However, due to the proliferation of new restaurants over the years, we'd forgotten all about Silk Road till this evening when we had a craving for Sichuan food.	statement	db
Everything was terribly disappointing and nothing like what I remembered having before.	statement	db
I would like to especially thank my three hosts who closed my check, and evening, with great conversation.	statement	db
:P Though seriously, great bar, I  have had many a good night here with mates, always a good atmosphere out in the open air by the river, though add a good game of rugby, some cold beer and plenty of expats who barrack for opposing sides and this feels like that little slice of home.	statement	db
I order a schnitzel with veg and fries, a single schnitzel arrives with no veg and fries, so obviously I complained and said I won't pay, the manager firstly says he'll call the police, I said please do, then he accepts my offer of $10 instead of $18 and informs me I'm ""dead"" when he next sees me and that I'm f*cked!	statement	db
This type of Burmese food is catered towards the Burmese workers who are laborers at the shipping yards nearby.	statement	db
Two of us have never touched alcohol before, so we asked one who had and she confirmed that the taste was exactly the same as a genuine champagne.	statement	db
But my colleague who got it did say it was good.	statement	db
Hence the reason why I guess my Iced Lemon Tea was a bit too bland.	statement	db
Starting out with sashimi, oysters, scallops, mussels, crab legs, and octopus from the raw bar, it was the perfect way to start the gluttonous meal when paired with Mediterranean mezze and fresh salad.	statement	db
They had this huge circular dessert bar where the desserts were located on the outer table, and the chefs were in the center preparing new desserts.	statement	db
The beef cubes in the Chinese section was a bit tough, especially when compared to the veal cheeks.	statement	db
Desserts - the cakes were good, looked like what you could get at SweetSpot, the dessert coffee place in MBS.	statement	db
Service was ok, except for when they accidentally cleaned our entire table (took our tea, utensils, napkins, everything) thinking we had left..	statement	db
Not gourmet, but does the job when you are hungry and stranded on the island known as MBS.	statement	db
Its zoo like, packed with hotel guests who have it included in their stay; seems this is the only choice breakfast venue.	statement	db
They are one of the few venues in Singapore who give you strong drinks, great music, and a crowd that ACTUALLY DANCES.	statement	db
The waiter was chatty and friendly, and promptly refilled our waters when he realised one of us was having trouble with the spiciness.	statement	db
Well, I happened to venture out to find where Cufflink was located and walked past this place, but not without meeting someone.	statement	db
A guy at the door of this restaurant stopped me as I was walking by to ask me what I was up to.	statement	db
The service was definitely better than what some of the other yelpers experienced.	statement	db
That's where my jerk chicken dream was shattered.	statement	db
Although food is in general decent I find it a bit overpriced for what it is so I probably won't go back again.	statement	db
Felt really bad for the wait staff who had to witness customers not getting served.	statement	db
It is nearer the staircase where DBS ATM or taxi stand is.	statement	db
I wish they had more Dong Bei dishes, but it seems that the dishes here are the ones probably what the locals will pay premium for.	statement	db
The staff is knowledgable and attentive, and everything on the menu looks great, and from what I experienced, tastes great.	statement	db
Unfortunately when I was here last, I was playing beat the clock in making it to the airport, but the small sampling that I had makes me wish I lived in town...	statement	db
Once we arrived there, I realized that it was a place where we actually passed by many times.	statement	db
The only reason why I didn't give this review the full 5 stars is because the wait staff was not too friendly or helpful.	statement	db
Not worth the battle of the unresponsive staff, who were so unresponsive after my complaint, that not a word was spoken, certainly not ""Sorry"" or ""Thanks""	statement	db
You'll get your soup on the side when you order it dry, then you will be able to see why the soup sucks.	statement	db
Only reason it's not 5 stars is b/c it's a bit of a maze to get up and down the 5th floor where Food Leisure is located.	statement	db
What's really annoying is that I passed several other enthusiastic Korean restaurants but wanted to go here again, what a mistake.	statement	db
There's the friendly staff who work their butts off (It made me tired watching them)    There's the delicious cuts of flavorful meats (Crazy good!)	statement	db
The downside of waiting till you are seated is when most of your party have not arrive.	statement	db
They will only give you a table when most of the people in your party has arrived.	statement	db
Steamed egg was awesome (it came in free when you ordered 2 meats and 1 vegetable).	statement	db
No worries though, put your number down, grab a beer nearby and they'll give you a buzz when your table is ready.	statement	db
Personally I believe if it was any good, my dad would have brought us there when we were kids.	statement	db
There was an elevator next to it, I was horrified when I entered it.	statement	db
After we got seated, the male staff asked what kind of tea we would like.	statement	db
Just to highlight a few items :  1) Siew Mai (pork dumpling) - F - it looked unappetizing, there was no flavor to it, the meat tasted weird  2) Cheong Fun with BBQ pork - F - zero flavor, and the BBQ pork tasted weird too  3) Egg tart - F - it was fresh from the oven, but the crust too dry and the custard part has no taste  Another female staff was so rude when my relative asked if there was any egg tart.	statement	db
I say those who like the food here do not know any better.	statement	db
Lucky for us, another friend was there much earlier and already got a table when we reached.	statement	db
They speak fluent cantonese and limited english but good enough to understand if you have any visitors or caucasian friend who cant understand mandarin or cantonese.	statement	db
Red Star is no where near any of the ""finer"" dim sum outlets we get in Takashimaya or 5 star hotels, but if you're looking for something different with a local touch, unpretentious, where you can talk and laugh as loud as you can then this place might be the right choice.	statement	db
In an ever changing Singapore where every old thing make way for new, this little corner of history seems forgotten.	statement	db
Compliment becos it still gives us a wonderful memory of the old HK dim sum taste like, and yet when the quality and evolving tastes has improved, this place has not.	statement	db
A bit pricey since we are paying for some historicity here, especially when you get to taste some of the old unchanged flavours dim sum in a old HK setting.	statement	db
I have to say something about the smell of food when I came thru the door.	statement	db
Suddenly I am reminded of the HK restaurant back in 1990 when I first met my HK in-laws!	statement	db
We were very disappointed but made do with what we had.	statement	db
Apart from the tacky 60's décor and how they still serve their dim sums in pushcarts, that's where the similarities end with restaurants in Hong Kong as I feel their dim sum is overpriced and severely lacking in quality.	statement	db
Their service really brings us back to the old days, where there are dozens of little Cantonese ladies pushing carts filled with goodies, going round table by table to serve you.	statement	db
The people behind Red Star are also a part of the Heavenly Kings quartet, the four-some who redefined Chinese food in SIngapore (and some say Malaysia), by creating and inventing some of the dishes we now take for granted, like the yam ring and even the Chinese New Year yu sheng.	statement	db
It's a massive hall where people -- lots of people, and sometimes the occasional celebrity -- jostle for seats from the moment their doors open, especially on weekends.	statement	db
Especially considering how little you're paying for this, how authentically old school everything on the menu is, and what a funny, awesome, nostalgic experience it is to eat here each time.	statement	db
There was a period in 2010 or so when the food standard declined dramatically to the point of inedible, yes, but I'm glad to say that these old farts are back and their hargow and roast meats can out-heritage, if not out-class, all the wussy Crystal Jades and Imperial Treasures of the world.	statement	db
The food, however, is no where near the standard of what it used to be.	statement	db
Everything looks delicious and the prices are a tad higher than what you'd normally get at a hawker stall.	statement	db
(I'm a little embarrassed to admit that amongst all that beautiful cuisine from ethnicities around the world, it was Western-style fast-food that was one of my favorite meals, but what can you do.	statement	db
For a side, I had the Vietnamese Yam Roll and OHMYGOSH WHAT IS THIS PURPLE DELICIOUSNESS.	statement	db
But you can never go wrong when there is creme brûlée!	statement	db
In case you are not sure where to start from, head to the Korean section if ""quality"" is the thing you pursue instead of ""quantity"".	statement	db
:( Then again, i wasn't impressed with the snow crabs when i ate it the last time because they weren't sweet, that kinda mean that they aren't very fresh either.	statement	db
I'm sorry, but WHO THE F... uh HELL SOAKS OYSTERS IN WATER before serving them!	statement	db
Cooked items were mediocre, on that day there was maybe... one or two cooked items that were good, the Korean pancakes were decent, the sushi and sashimi really weren't anything better than what you'd get at Ikoi or Irodori, and in fact, the sushi was probably worse.	statement	db
When we walked it there were 6-8 dishes sitting empty, and there was never actually a moment when I didn't see one dish plaintively empty.	statement	db
There is a also section where you can order different types of pastas cooked in your specific sauces and style, and pizzas as well.	statement	db
I was disappointed that the caramel ice cream was already melted when served.	statement	db
I may be back again in future, perhaps when it isn't necessary to tick all the boxes.	statement	db
My particular office I work in in the CBD does not have a fridge, so no taking your lunch to work, so every day is a guessing game of what I am going to have for lunch that is A: somewhat healthy, B: fast C: decently priced D: actually taste good.	statement	db
Now, all of those together aren't the easiest to find, especially when you are rushing from meeting to meeting, or have to jump on a conference call in 12 minutes.	statement	db
Jump on line, order what you want for the day (their menu changes weekly, I believe) and put in your address.	statement	db
My friend booked an appointment here around 12:30pm and when she showed me pictures of this place I wasn't too crazy for it.	statement	db
Right when you enter the restaurant, there is a huge carriage and then a mini swing with two stuff animals from the popular Korean drama 'Descendants of the Sun'.	statement	db
If you are there before 9am, go to the baking tray to see what you want.	statement	db
They have $88 bottles of champagne, which I suspect why my boss comes here, he knows how much we all drink.	statement	db
I would have gone there if it wasn't for Gold Elite Nik T. who wanted to try something new this year for the Superbowl game between the Ravens and the Niners.	statement	db
No one knew but Nik T. knew well and immediately let the manager know about it - who switched it over quickly.	statement	db
True, I didn't order anything at first except for a Guinness Draught - what some would call breakfast for champions - but the moment they served it to Nik T., I JUST HAD TO ORDER IT TOO.	statement	db
but they really need to get their act together when it comes to organizing a sports event like the superbowl!	statement	db
they need to know what you are offering and they have to deliver the same level of excitement that the event is offering.	statement	db
also delivering on your promise of happy hour prices cannot be in any way compromised like it was when the bill was presented.	statement	db
in fact, we only realized what was happening via the internet as the tv did not offer any inkling of what had happened in new orleans.	statement	db
As per other places in Singapore, drinks are expensive but what can you do.	statement	db
French style fries when chunky fries is a MUST when having F&C.	statement	db
And, of course, where the ladies flock so do the men.	statement	db
Three days later when the weekend is just a distant memory and we have been deprived of vitality and entertainment in our office cubicles we welcome an opportunity to socialise and flirt.	statement	db
They've even been modifying their outdoor layout to get booze to people faster on Wednesdays: they now have what amounts to a humongous ice bucket full of San Miguel Light & Pure Blonde outside selling at $12 a pop.	statement	db
This restaurant is not on my radar of must-try places; the only reason why I came here was because Nik T. and Jireh H. were hangin' here for the Super Bowl!	statement	db
I've never been to Brewerkz for the big game but I heard it's a lot crazier and crowded, along with pricier breakfast specials... so I guess it really depends on what you're in the mood for!	statement	db
Even my dining partner who is a wuss with spicy food cannot stop herself scraping the sauce up with the remaining crackers!	statement	db
Service was normal, except for the waiter who kept stepping on my foot without apologizing (again, another problem with squeezing as many paying customers as you can into your booths).	statement	db
wow, national kitchen what big shoes to fill!	statement	db
All these are too much for sharing between 3 pax, especially when the Curry Fish Head is recommended for 5-6 pax.	statement	db
The laksa gravy was creamy and not too spicy--perfect for those who have a low spice tolerance.	statement	db
Nonetheless, my eyes instantly lit up when I saw the Daging Chabek Beef Cheeks ($34++), a hunky slab of meltingly tender meat with bits of fats and chewy tendon drenched in appetizing red tamarind Gula Melaka and coconut gravy.	statement	db
Stewed in salted fish and prawns in a coconut gravy, the chunks of young jackfruits were short of the typical pungency of a jackfruit, hence those who usually stay away from jackfruits may enjoy this dish.	statement	db
Just don't attempt to recall or flip through the menu for the price or you will feel the pinch when you realized it cost a hefty $12++.	statement	db
The cake was silky smooth like a baked custardy kueh, though it might be too smooth for those who prefer some rough gritty texture.	statement	db
Considering the price range, this place is still more suited for special occasions or for foreign visitors who want to try local food in posh ambience.	statement	db
Otherwise, you not only have to wait longer for the food, but also have to raise your voices to speak as the place turns into a wet MARKET when it is full-house.	statement	db
I got a $8 lamb kebab to go and it was best thing to do when you are on the run.	statement	db
and that is what i always get here.	statement	db
but for those of you who fancy some other types of meat, they do have beef and chicken too.	statement	db
lim chee guan has since gone upmarket with an outlet in ion orchard and it is there where queues are somewhat sane and in aircon comfort.	statement	db
but for the sadomasochist, who ironically believes nothing short of a 3 hours queue is worth his time, this is just the place to be before CNY each year.	statement	db
We have the full attention of the staff who was just so generous and let us sample most of the products they have for sale,  I love the spicy bakkwas, I can eat that the whole day.	statement	db
Taste: flavourful, glazy, but what biggest diff compared to home is that it's a lot thicker, chewier...at first, thought this was better value but actually costs more, since you're paying for weight too.	statement	db
Yet It is not hard to understand why because the bak kwa definitely lives up to its reputation.	statement	db
For those of you who have been hiding under a rock or just plain ignorant yet think highly of themselves, they have 3 shops in Singapore.	statement	db
Despite being expensive and oily, the many customers who frequent Lim Chee Guan every day are living testimonies to the bahkwa's tastiness.	statement	db
There are even those who buy up to 2 or more kg worth of bahkwa for the entire family, I'm guessing, maybe to make their time in the queue worth their while.	statement	db
That might be a good thing, since I sometimes get spoilt for choice and don't know what to order.	statement	db
I can understand why it was so empty!	statement	db
My colleagues and I troop down to this place to have drinks at 6pm when the drudgery of the day nears its end.	statement	db
The warm and cozy ambience is what attracted us to go in and have a try.	statement	db
Moroccan food is something I don't have often so i thought why not.	statement	db
It was happy hour when we stepped in so we shared a grilled meat platter that was served piping hot.	statement	db
My expectations were high for what I've been told are the best egg tarts EVER.	statement	db
The cashier lady was an older obasan who was extremely patient and kind with us as we scoured the display window for a avoid-the-sun snack.	statement	db
The baked goods weren't spectacular, but that's because we're spoiled with delicious California baked goods and cheap/fresh Taiwanese bakery bread when we travel.	statement	db
The custard is wobbly soft and the crust is a bit crumbly when you bite into it.	statement	db
I didn't get a chance to sit down at Tong Heng's to have them fresh, but trust me, heat them up a little when you get home and I can bet they're as good as they are fresh.	statement	db
Based on what I ordered which was the lotus bread w salted egg.	statement	db
I wanted to try something other than what everyone was ordering.	statement	db
Try to get them when they are fresh from the oven.	statement	db
The crust is what makes Tong Heng stand out.	statement	db
Also, when you open the box in the morning, you'll find that the eggy part has an earthquake like split down the middle, not sure why.	statement	db
Especially when it's served warm and made even more delicious when coupled with an equally well-executed, flaky pastry base.	statement	db
Eating is a bit of a challenge though - you need a large enough plate and a hungry stomach to gobble it all up at once - when eaten warm, the custard bit is soft and oozy while the pastry is flaky and yummy.	statement	db
Well that's already a mighty fine statement when saying best egg tarts.	statement	db
Back in San Francisco, the Golden Gate Bakery totally states that they have the best egg tarts and makes patrons wait from their loooooong vacation to finally get them (I won't go into that story as there were about 3-5 times throughout a calendar year where we went to the store and they were on vacation).	statement	db
Just not sure what but it didn't blow me away.	statement	db
It almost seems as if there is some sort of double-standard going on where tourists get better quality of service whereas locals are treated impatiently.	statement	db
I guess it doesn't really bother me too much as I tend to dash in and out of the store pretty quickly, getting my share of egg tarts but if you are going to stand there and deliberate over what to get, be prepared for annoyed looks and somewhat rude service.	statement	db
I do wonder what will happen to the other half when someone just order a half portion.	statement	db
Not a great home delivery choice - maybe it's better when you dine in.	statement	db
Perhaps they could pack their seaweed separately so it's dry and crispy for you to wrap on when it arrives - Equinox and Swissotel used to serve their sushi at their Sunday brunch buffet like that.	statement	db
I couldn't take more than two bites of the other option (which had what looked like crabstick and raw tuna or salmon - my friends placed the order so I don't know what they're called) (1 star).	statement	db
Funny bc I'm currently the Duchess as I write this post, and the reason why I checked three times was because I purchased three Groupon vouchers.	statement	db
Stumbled upon this newly opened fastfood joint on the first day of its opening, when i was walking around my neighbourhood looking for some 'light' dinner.	statement	db
As per its name, one can pretty much guess what they serve... they serve low carb burritos-sized sushi rolls.	statement	db
Whilst the antipasti and pasta e risotti set the stage with well-executed comfort dishes, the Secondi is where the Chef truly shines and flexes his culinary repertoire.	statement	db
As heavy or heavier than the Amarone I usually have back in Otto Ristorante but of course, no where near as good.	statement	db
This used to be called Indochine, so I'm not sure why it is called Siem Reap II now.	statement	db
Even the waiter that came to help him had absolutely no idea of what drinks were on the menu.	statement	db
then came super popular indo j co, who so capitalized on the donut craze that hit a much donut deprived nation!	statement	db
It has amassed a huge following with the office crowd who will queue relentlessly for a nice creamy and sweat milk tea with a frothy head.	statement	db
You don't get to watch this performance very often these days because they gotta be fast when serving the drinks.	statement	db
I only go to MacDonalds about once every two years, or when the McRib resurfaces, but if we had the Chicken Muffin in America, I think I would need a McIntetvention.	statement	db
Perhaps it is because it reminds me of when I used to raid my fraternity's kitchen, discovering that a toaster does a fine job of cooking a chicken paddy or that I just love chicken, but this creation had won me over.	statement	db
Once you enter, they hand you the yellow ordering form and you tick the boxes for what you want.	statement	db
I would prefer to see the actual items, but this keeps it fresher and it removes the kiasu folks who snag all the prawns.	statement	db
The staff were friendly, and helped direct the AC when they saw me sweating hard.	statement	db
These days, he still eats the S&W'S CC wrap but only on special days when he's a good boy.	statement	db
Really depends what salad you pick.	statement	db
When I am desperate for food and don't want to walk far, I see what is on offer at Icon Village.	statement	db
What I didn't like was the nasty feeling afterwards when you've eaten too much salt.	statement	db
There is a small corner on the left where you can sit on small stools and devour your sandwiches quickly, there's also a tissue box on the table so you can sit there for a fuss-free quick lunch!	statement	db
First thing you do when you get there is to place your order over the counter.	statement	db
Besides the salads and wraps, they also have juices and drinks by the side so just grab what you want and pay for it together with your salad.	statement	db
But like I mentioned, no much seating available so head some where else to enjoy your food.	statement	db
That is why it's never really my go-to regular lunch place.	statement	db
But it does what it sets out to do well.	statement	db
Shout out to our CM Michelle M who again did a wonderful job along with her 2 sidekicks CheeKeong and Anz (sorry i couldn't make out your name) But i know i will see more of you.	statement	db
Soft and luscious in the middle which is always what you're looking for.	statement	db
One will think how can especially when the area is filled to maxmium with various tall buildings.	statement	db
Inside there is two indoor golf range, where one can book a simulator to putt.	statement	db
There was some juice flowing out when I bit into one.	statement	db
I first popped by when they were less than a month old and bought myself a salted caramel ice latte.	statement	db
The drink was good but service was terrible, so I never went back again until recently when I was craving a sweet hot drink.	statement	db
The chocolate itself wasn't bad but the viscosity of the drink reminded me of when is first tried to make hot chocolate with equal parts milk and chocolate.	statement	db
I understand why it's considered one of the best Italian restaurants in the world.	statement	db
The wine menu is a bit daunting as it is probably 50 pages long but I was relieved when the sommelier was helpful and practical, finding a great wine in our tastes without being overly expensive.	statement	db
It was more like a pate, and the server had warned me as such when I had referred to it as ""the soup"".	statement	db
The iberico pork was ok but somehow did not give me a lasting memory as oppose to what I had at Bascilico.	statement	db
I'm sure if Mario Batali was there it would be a different story but he's not so it is what it is.	statement	db
I've come to the conclusion that it's just not worth ordering pasta in a restaurant unless you are in a little family run restaurant in Italy where real Italians eat, otherwise you will just be disappointed with the somewhat soggy and over-cooked plate you are presented with.	statement	db
It's like the chant when A-Rod comes to bat ""Overrated"" ""Overrated""  Yeah, in case you didn't get it.	statement	db
The pasta i had, I can't recall what it was called but it was perfect.	statement	db
At times, even when they came to the table, they had to be instructed to remove obviously empty plates.	statement	db
They served it the way pasta was meant to be served when all you will do is look at it, take a photo and go eat elsewhere.	statement	db
We had had a really good experience at Pizzeria Mozza when it first opened so we were really looking forward to checking out its slightly more formal sister restaurant Osteria Mozza next door.	statement	db
Prolly won't come back especially when there are better Italian restaurants (like Gattopardo) around.	statement	db
Osteria Mozza serves up what is probably the best Italian food in Singapore, but that doesn't necessarily mean that it's the best Italian restaurant around.	statement	db
We thought that the staff came on very strong when we sat down.	statement	db
As soon as we sat down, we had three or four people come by, moving quickly and asking what we wanted to drink, what we wanted to eat, and if we needed any help going over the menu (it's huge; daunting, really).	statement	db
Osteria Mozza's pricey but when you're desperate for good Italian food paired with yummy wine.	statement	db
the desserts here smacked of a kitchen that rather knows what it's doing - but which could use improvement.	statement	db
take the piccolo budino caldo di cioccolato, where the flavours were rather a little too ephemeral.	statement	db
it was a blob of dry (the way jelly is) pannacotta, sitting on what was effectively a halved fig newton.	statement	db
A reasonable spot for a respite when you need a break from jockeying through the crowds of Chinatown.	statement	db
Just that when it's coupled with my fried food and chilli sauce, it finishes too quickly for me to savour it.	statement	db
Popped in some time ago when I was in the area and needed to kill time waiting for someone nearby.	statement	db
It's the sort of place where you know not a lot of cooking is involved and a lot of the things they use are very commercial (like the ice cream and the drinks) but you don't mind it anyway because sometimes that's all you want, one random afternoon.	statement	db
I recommend this place for all people who would like to have a gathering in a quiet and comfortable place, although, it is nearby Outram Park station.	statement	db
They can make a recommendation without just asking what you like.	statement	db
I did think a coupld items were overpriced for what you get.	statement	db
There must be a reason why even when you offer free drinks on Wednesdays, your restaurant is half empty.	statement	db
The crispiness is spot on, and that's where the wow factor ends for this dish.	statement	db
Warm Mushroom Salad ($9+) Baby spinach, Shime Ji Mushroom, Fennel, Asparagus, Shallot, Pine nuts, Butter emulsion Smells of truffle oil when served.	statement	db
Quaint little cafe serving set lunches at an affordable S$16, includes a starter where you can have a choice of Caesar salad or soft shell crab salad (I always go for the soft shell crab one), a main course, and a choice of dessert of either Cheesecake or Panna Cotta.	statement	db
Most people seem to congregate in and around the 100 am mall as a lot of the places around there seem pretty full so what a change when I got to First 25 and my dinner party was one of two tables that night.	statement	db
Service was also attentive and efficient and what's better was when I checked in on Yelp I got a free discount!	statement	db
So remember to check in, you never know what it brings and kudos to the one who picked this hidden gem for me.	statement	db
There are times when the sashimis are really really fresh as well.	statement	db
Making sure you know what you want and they understand you is sometimes a struggle, especially if you dare deviate from just pointing to the various things on the menu (like requesting more chili)!	statement	db
The only thing that irritates me slightly is their request for payment when they bring you the food!	statement	db
There is an option to get less noodles but again, make sure they understand you when you order (I'm also pretty convinced its the same portion anyway).	statement	db
I have found that after eating here, no matter what I have, there is a pretty strong aftertaste for the rest of the day!	statement	db
One of my colleagues who spent a lot of time in Korea took care of ordering the food, so I am not sure of the names of the dishes we tried, but I know there were 2 beef dishes, 2 pork dishes, veggie pancake, kimchi and steamed veggies and rice.	statement	db
Located at the second floor of Amara Hotel, this Korean joint is one of the pricier places where corporate drones opt for during special occasions like Christmas or birthday parties.	statement	db
The highlight of this restaurant is that it is a great Korean BBQ place where you can emerge after the meal and still smell reasonably fine (no BBQ smells in your hair and clothes, yay!).	statement	db
But on one of the occasions, my friend who had the korean tourism card scored us a great discount=) So if you have one of those, then you should look out for the next promotion period.	statement	db
This is one of my favorite places when I don't want the long queue and I just want some peace and quiet meal time.	statement	db
You know when you bite into bacon you want crisp.	statement	db
My bacon was like biting into a piece of rubber and when I pulled, the whole flimsy piece of bacon would drag out of my burger.	statement	db
It's hard to get excited about the various offerings here, but I do think it has a nice location for afterwork drinks when you work along Cecil street.	statement	db
Healthy and tasty, what could be better!	statement	db
And while I appreciate that they brought me hot milk for my latte when I requested extra milk, I was still overwhelmed with a bitter taste and left half my latte behind - the stools are pretty uncomfortable (probably by design, so you don't linger too long) - food prices felt a little high.	statement	db
Which is a good thing as it was toasty outdoors and the Man who is Common doesn't take reservations.	statement	db
The service is always friendly and even when sitting a bit hidden outside they ensure to check on you at regular intervals (which is not always the case at other places).	statement	db
Edit: I gave a 2 star at first but changing it to a 1 because when we asked them to heat up the sausage their first answer was ""that's how it's supposed to be here"".	statement	db
The queue was a bit longer when we left around 1.	statement	db
I think there's more to enjoy at Common Man, I'll go back to explore more of what they do.	statement	db
For what I'm paying, it should be better than its competitors who are selling the same things for less.	statement	db
But would appreciate if the server could mention that they do have other coffees with milk if that's what I wanted.	statement	db
There was a queue when we got there but I thought overall service was good, food was good, I got the pear apple celery juice, and iced latte.	statement	db
The ambience is awesome, thats why i suggest if u want to go here, make a reservation before is the right thing to do.enjoy!	statement	db
(especially when it's within walking distance from home)  The decor is really chic.	statement	db
That crispy feta is freakin delicious and the egg wrapped in some crispy stuff (forgot what it was) is something i've never seen before.	statement	db
The line was already snaking out the door again when we left right around noon.	statement	db
Well, with the partnership of indie coffee father Harry Grover of 40 Hands, Australia's Five Senses Coffee and the lifestyle conglomerate Spa Spirit Group, it is no wonder why and how CMCR is drawing in the crowd.	statement	db
W judges V and i and anyone who orders mocha because he feels that it conceals the quality of the coffee with the cloying sweetness from the chocolate.	statement	db
I love walking in, every time..  All that aside, here's where you can improve..   God knows there's room.	statement	db
Unfortunately- there's other people who work there.	statement	db
I've brought this up when ordering and been met with 'the chef will try'...	statement	db
Especially if you're charging upwards of $6 a cup.. Usually- when asking staff about the blends of the day- I am handed some scrunched up piece of paper out of their top pocket with a print out of the blends currently being served..	statement	db
Overpriced for what it offers.	statement	db
Really hard to eat it...  when I finished, the plate it came in had a half cup of liquid in it.	statement	db
Coffee drinkers who like their coffee on the more acidic side will enjoy a cup here.	statement	db
The saltiness and olive oil on the eggs killed the taste for me, to where I struggled to eat them; our waitress dismissed my dissatisfaction as they being ""healthy"" that way.	statement	db
Warning: For those who don't like added oil on your eggs, be sure to specify without;   I see it like pepper - don't put it on people's food unless you ask them first, mention it on the menu, and better yet, rather than serve it with, have it on the table for the customer to do for themselves.	statement	db
There aren't too many places around town where you can these kinds of ingredients on the menu, much less cooked up to this standard.	statement	db
I don't get frequent makan points or any freebies but this is where I come for my Nasi Padang fix.	statement	db
This place is probably suited better for those who can deal with a bit of spice and heat.	statement	db
We had the six courses tasting menu, fell in love with the rosemary smoked organic egg immediately when we saw the presentation, experimental and full of surprises.	statement	db
Let's see what happens.	statement	db
I imagine this place will be a 2 star when Michelin comes to town.	statement	db
You can so imagine this cynical one rolling her eyes when she receive the invitation to taste the ""Best Peking Duck in Singapore"".	statement	db
Consider me impressed with Chef-Owner and Executive Chef Fung Chi Keung's traditional Peking Duck when i tasted it.	statement	db
Kai Garden is helmed by Chef Fung Chi Keung, the one who created the colorful Xiao Long Baos at Taste Paradise.	statement	db
People think this place is all about the hype, but to be honest, this place has legit French cuisine for those who love the intricate dishes and beautiful plating, this is the right place to go to.	statement	db
No Long spoon provided and when I signalled for one, they came with the bill!!	statement	db
It was really quiet when I dropped in at 11am on Sunday.	statement	db
I guess when I feel rich, I will come by here again in the morning.	statement	db
Angelina Tea Room And Patisserie was full house when we arrived but we were quite surprised to find no queue in front of us.	statement	db
It comes with a white little cute syrup pitcher where by you can customise the tea according to the sweetness you prefer.	statement	db
There is no customer care, the restaurant only have few customers and a lot of waiters who are looking out instead of looking inside and taking care of the customer, we order water and we have to ask 3 times until deliver to us and also wrong, we order french fries and we waited too long until finally we decide to cancel and ask for the bill, we found out that is not been ordered.	statement	db
We saw 1 manajer who are not managing her crew and only busy with her phone.	statement	db
While I expect the Garlic Soy Chicken to be what it is titled to be: garlicky and pleasantly salty, it is actually sweet.	statement	db
Having to ""accidentally eavesdropped"" on my neighbour's story of the day and what not.	statement	db
Definitely tasted different when I last had it a couple years back.	statement	db
My gut feel that it's a Taiwanese Restaurant was proven correct when I asked my gf for confirmation.	statement	db
Seem that cherry tomatoes are used here which is why the amount is not noticeable.	statement	db
The owner is actually a Christian who opened this shop and also a library beside it to give ex convicts a chance to work in society again, which i think is a good thing to do.	statement	db
It's not what I remembered from many years ago but it was delicious anyway.	statement	db
I can't stand when curries burn a hole in your mouth.	statement	db
As expected, there's about a 30-45 minute queue for brunch when I went mid-day on a Saturday.	statement	db
They have a nice system where you can sign up via an app and they'll call you automatically when your table is ready.	statement	db
You get seated when you arrive with menus, then you're given a table number and are told to order at the counter with it when you're ready.	statement	db
He asked who was having the bowl.	statement	db
I would have expected him to return with another set of knife and spoon but he didn't and I had to request for it when the food was served.	statement	db
Water was served when I was showed to my table.	statement	db
I don't understand why this place is packed.	statement	db
Aw, I wanted to be the first one to review this place :(  Anyway, I had popped by here during the soft launch with some yogi friends when we were told by the folks at the Lokal a 40 minute waiting is required.	statement	db
I tried the pulled pork first as that was what I was eyeing on when glancing at the menu.	statement	db
There's a $50 minimum if paying by visa or MasterCard...unfortunately this was one of few occasions when I didn't consult yelp first, so I didn't bring cash.	statement	db
Pulled pork bowl was above average according to my friend who had it.	statement	db
However, there was no coffee crema to leave a sweet bitterness on the tongue and they take a while to make your coffee on a not busy afternoon and that is the only reason why I haven't given it 5 stars.	statement	db
To all those who claim Raffles Hotel's is good, you haven't tried this.	statement	db
I was going to initially give this place a 3-star but there is this very cute Korean waitress (didn't know that she was) who made the entire experience even more enjoyable.	statement	db
- Love interesting fusion of flavors when you mix up The bread crumbs, bacon, thinly chopped up tomatoes/peppers/other unidentified veggies and soft boiled egg together.	statement	db
- tried to asked The staff on what their logo represented.	statement	db
La Cantine should be classified as one of those beautiful places in Singapore you should drop by if only to experience the fantastic efforts of the interior design team who put the pieces together.	statement	db
Lighting has the right level of glow so that you can still enjoy a romantic setting if that's what you're looking for.	statement	db
Finding the restaurant was an adventure depending on where you are coming from as the new MCE, new MRT stops and what seems to be constant construction work around this area of Singapore might cause you slight hiccups along the way.	statement	db
We noticed that our iOS Maps application was a little confused about where this restaurant was and none of the car GPS systems had the new routes in place - that reminds me, I have to go hassle my dealer for that maps upgrade!	statement	db
I understand Provence is a region where citrus, vegetables and various herbs are cultivated and the region is renowned for the quality produce that pours out of it.	statement	db
It is one of the reasons why good restaurants exists in that area due to the fresh and excellent produce used in their cooking.	statement	db
What surprised us with this dish is that it appeared as if the chef didn't know what tasted good and threw everything into the sauce; citrus, vegetables and all the herbs in.	statement	db
Taking a drink from the back of the bar was also noticeable and while I understand the need to quench thirst, it portrays a very negative image when customers can clearly see this behaviour especially when the drink contents come from a bottle of what can only be liquor or wine.	statement	db
Definitely not what I was expecting from Amarone, the number one rated restaurant on Tripadvisor.	statement	db
We thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience here and have recommended several friends, who in turn, also had a great time.	statement	db
I absolutely love the outdoors-indoor concept of The Terrace, a natural light filled space, where S and i enjoyed their weekend brunch.	statement	db
They are absolutely out of this world especially when paired with creamy French butter and Bonne Maman jams.	statement	db
The hollandaise is on the light side but that's what made it French.	statement	db
This is certainly where i'd be when i need a dose of Paris.	statement	db
Sometimes I'm not even sure where the waiter disappeared!	statement	db
SUM: With so many nice cafés in TP, this one isn't necessarily worth a visit unless a French ambiance is what you're seeking.	statement	db
I'm not sure what the Screening Room is and how it works but the waitress told us they were showing a movie upstairs ""A Good Year"" (2006, Russell Crowe) and that since we paid over $15++ per person for food that we were entitled to watch it in their theater on the 3rd floor.	statement	db
The Kway Teow doesn't look or taste like much apart from just a whole lot of dark brown especially when you're eating in the dark, but when it's late and you need something eat and you refuse to have shitty room service food, you can have this S$4 dish and say you've had something cultural on your 2-day business trip from the Americas.	statement	db
That's a useless comment I just included because I have no idea where I had this.	statement	db
I was meeting a Friend who had already arrived and was sat outside.	statement	db
I liked how you can see from a live TV feed behind what is being played inside by the band on stage.	statement	db
The waitress did not understand that he wanted either half a pint or a bottle and eventually we were informed what beer they had available and were then presented a bottle of something we did not order.	statement	db
Unfortunately the prices are a bit high for what it is, both the food and the drinks.	statement	db
Drinks were A-OK :)  One thing I have to say about the service: They cleared our plates even when we said no...	statement	db
One problem is the atmosphere, where they played mostly outdated 90s and 00s house and pop music at ear-splittingly loud levels even on an empty mid-week night...  Quality and taste-wise, the tacos are okay, bordering on meh.	statement	db
In a country where great food from all walks of life is fairly easy to find, my one criticism would be trying to locate a decent Mexican joint with traditional tacos.	statement	db
After searching high and low, I did manage to find a place that I can somewhat rely on now when I need a taco fix.	statement	db
They also didn't blast the music to the point where your ears felt like bleeding.	statement	db
The only drawback there is it's right behind Orchard Towers, and well, I don't really need to explain what you'll see there while dining at the location.	statement	db
Perhaps they could improve on variety but I really won't complain because they offer pretty authentic Mexican tacos in Singapore, where finding Mexican that isn't tex mex is like looking for a needle in a haystack.	statement	db
The fact that these are 4 for $20 SGD is painful, but hey, its also pretty remarkable & amazing when you think about it.	statement	db
The margaritas and beers are of course CQ priced, but I have to come back here when I am in Singapore.	statement	db
I am stunned that the guys working here remembered me from my shenanigans when I lived in Singapore.	statement	db
They even let me help pick the songs - yes I am the moron who always asks for Dizzee Rascal's Bonkers.	statement	db
Around the area, my friends and I decided to have our late lunch there to see what the hype was about.	statement	db
It was milky and flavorsome and was best when coupled with rice.	statement	db
This was a very different presentation than what we normally see, whereby the prawns are deshellled and cooked in salted egg sauce.	statement	db
The skin itself isn't paper thin, but when biting into the xiao long bao, you can enjoy the soft texture of the skin and behind it, you find a very savoury soup and chunk of meat embedded in the xiao long bao.	statement	db
I'm a pastry buff and I know it when I eat excellent pastry.	statement	db
Marinades wasn't strong and flesh tastes rather bland, the only flavorful part was at the skin where the crispy garlic bits were scattered on top.	statement	db
Spacious and authentic decor explains why even the locals like it here.	statement	db
One suggestion to the servers: When putting glasses on table to fill with a drink, PLEASE do not touch the inside of the glass!	statement	db
Crispy silver fish was cold when served, and tasted bland.	statement	db
the food is consistently good, the service goes through ups and downs depending on what time it is and where you sit in the restaurant...  the atmosphere is just right!	statement	db
This is one of the several places where dim sum is not ordered from the waiters but they are being pushed around in the carts and you order from the cart.	statement	db
I know this location is more of a tourist trap but our friends who are SG locals took us there for the Alaskan Chilli Crab dish since we were checking out Marina Bay Resort and I was doing some filmmaking work in that area anyway.	statement	db
Service is also a tad spotty, although special mention must be made of Ms Zhou Yan, a Chinese national who gives excellent service.	statement	db
Turns out it was no where near her Taipei experience and i swear i will not order that dish ever again (she said the same thing).	statement	db
I know I know, we are in Singapore, so that's why I'm still very grateful that I can get quality tea, comfortable environment and friendly service here.	statement	db
I will come back when I crave Taiwanese food, I'm sure, but maybe not as frequent as I'd like to.	statement	db
By the way, the table appetizer (pickled vegetables) that you get by default when you are seated is way too sweet!	statement	db
Can someone please tell me where to go for good Taiwanese food in Singapore...because Shin Yeh only has average Taiwanese food.	statement	db
This was definitely a case where the picture looked MUCH better than the actual dish!	statement	db
Back in the older days when I was little, I recalled the shophouse being packed to the brim on Sun though it wasn't exactly in the most hygienic conditions.	statement	db
Had to have a tiny piece with what little rice she had left!!!!	statement	db
Chew Kee's a lovely old timey joint alongside one of the major arteries of Chinatown, and if you're seated at the main shop itself, choose to take a table outside where it's cooler.	statement	db
Well, not this place, given the generosity of the aunties who capably ply the storefront.	statement	db
I like to accompany the dish with pickled green chili, though there are those who swear by the chili concoction in a sqeezy bottle on all tables.	statement	db
A joint that everyone who works around China Town would know and frequent, the Soya Sauce Chicken at Chew Kee is long known for its flavour and tender chickens.	statement	db
So looked around an found Imakatsu which was not exactly what I was looking for, but close enough.	statement	db
The normal loin in the katsudon was tough in comparison and hard to bite through, for those who prefer their meat to have more texture, the regular would be fine.	statement	db
Not sure what the color was due to, it tasted good, but really needed some protein in it.	statement	db
The food is actually not bad but I would probably only come back here on a very quiet night when they can just whip up a decent dinner service without me having to remind them what I have ordered or ask repeatedly for a glass of water.	statement	db
It's difficult to achieve that al dente texture when cooking with other ingredients.	statement	db
I didn't do the ordering, so I can't tell you what the exact dishes are, but etched on my mind is the beef tongue!	statement	db
I guess that's what makes this restaurant a truly AUTHENTIC FIND!	statement	db
Indoors was full when I arrived around 12 so we sat outside as the weather has been mild.	statement	db
I would definitely return to try not the dinner, but the lunch deals at SGW, especially when there are more interesting cuisine worth trying.	statement	db
Some friends had rave reviews of this place, after organizing a hen's night party here, so when I found out that they had $15 set lunches (2 courses) I found a friend and visited.	statement	db
I don't know Russian flavors well but I am guessing it  is a whole lot of meat and Vodka or at least that is what I ordered.	statement	db
Service : Well like I said, they provide pashminas for guests who are feeling the chill from the air conditioning, so that has to count for something.	statement	db
I guess since this is the only Russian place I know, it'd be a good novelty meal type place when in the mood for something different.	statement	db
The choices of the hotdogs on offer are really unique and different and not what you normally get.	statement	db
No gyoza though when I went.	statement	db
Still don't get why we should be paying 20+ 30 bucks for ramen in Singapore.	statement	db
I guess that's just what I saw in Venezuela mostly so that's what I expected.	statement	db
So do keep a keen eye when searching for it or you light just miss it.	statement	db
The amount they give you is definitely not much for the price you pay - that's why I gave 4 stars.	statement	db
They do corn tortillas and there is lots of choice for what you can have which was a big plus.	statement	db
So, anyone could understand why I was reluctant to visit a place called ""Super Loco"".	statement	db
Overall attentive service and a fun night to hang with other friends who had to leave for the airport early.	statement	db
So when I get pretty decent food like I did here I'll just be happy and not sweat the high prices.	statement	db
We sampled several different tacos and they were all good but everything does however feel slightly like a rip off as prices are too high for what they are serving.	statement	db
Service was very disinterested as well, one of these places where the staff are more interested in talking to each other, checking their phones or fixing nails and/or make-up.	statement	db
We had to waive at people several times to be able to place an order and when finished it was the same thing trying to pay (and the place was not even half-full)  So food was decent but over-priced and we did not really feel that welcome so will not return any time soon.	statement	db
I'm from San Diego and I know what a good taco is.	statement	db
was SGD 26, about twice what it should be.	statement	db
I also loved one of her tuna appetizers, though I forgot what it's called.	statement	db
Although I'm an only child, I do understand that people hate it when you compare them to their sibling.	statement	db
Digging around on the internet I found out it was run by a couple of Aussies who consulted chef Jason Jones (of Mamasita fame) on the menu.	statement	db
The Margaritas were good, the salsa and chips were excellent though I baulked when I saw the meagre portion of guacamole that was served with them.	statement	db
Flavour wise they were spot on - sweet, spicy, sour and salty but for some reason they were cold when we ate them as if they'd sat for far too long after being grilled.	statement	db
*I can't remember what these were called!	statement	db
Reservations for groups can easily be made over email (gotta love it when you don't need to call!)	statement	db
It's great when restaurants present sugar-free, healthy options.	statement	db
But when you want the sugar, look no further than the crispy, sweet churros.	statement	db
i enjoyed my meal, and this place has got their ambience correct for that trendy place with dim dim light (the older couple next to our table made me smile when they used their iphone light to look at the menu) but what ultimately made me knock off one star is the price to portion ratio.	statement	db
I don't remember the price of that item, but that's probably why I liked it so much.	statement	db
I sat inside, and found it hard to see what I was eating.	statement	db
I've eaten at many a food truck and hole-in-the-wall type places south of the border, I know what I'm talking about.	statement	db
The food tasted mediocre and the margarita was piss poor and what they call a ""Jug"" of margarita for $59 is a Carafe that barely gives 4 people a drink.	statement	db
There is a dearth of Mexican options in Singapore and they are milking the expat pocket for what it's worth.	statement	db
It sounds silly but you'll understand when you're there.	statement	db
Awesome drinks and what tops it for me is the vibrant , fun atmosphere.	statement	db
If youve been to lucha loco then you know what youre getting yourself into.	statement	db
Expect to pay what you'd pay at lucha loco.	statement	db
Therefore when I heard a new Mexican place was opened in town, I was excited to try it out.	statement	db
While the place is nice and trendy, the food is really what I cared about.	statement	db
My friend sent it back (after explaining how to make it) and they ended up adding a bunch of milk and when we commented it was not right- the waitress came back and told us the bartender said he didn't know how to make it and will make another drink instead.	statement	db
We also ordered a taco but even now as I'm writing this review, I cant even remember what kind of taco we ordered.	statement	db
To top of it off, when we got the bill they decided to charge us 3x for the drinks.	statement	db
While we were arguing the bill (and managed to get them to change it) we noticed other tables complaining to the staff as well, especially one guy who was complaining loudly to the manager about the service.	statement	db
2 chicken fillets, 2 prawns, 2 pieces of string beans, a baby corn, a mushroom, a pumpkin and a soft egg that's been battered and fried (10 pieces, maybe that's where the name tendon came from).	statement	db
Not only that, but, due to the speed that food is required to be churned out, the Tempuras weren't given time to rest, making the flour fairly soggy when it reached the table (this could be seen because the cooking was done in front of us while we were waiting for food).	statement	db
So we walked past many diners and finally landed ourselves at Pizzeria Giardino, located at the Lawn area of Chijmes, cos we were attracted to the authentic wood-fired oven where they cook all their signature pizzas.	statement	db
I definitely enjoyed the drink specials all day, where you can get wine, house pour, or beer for $8.	statement	db
So when we first happened upon Pizzeria Giardino, we had high hopes but feared being disappointed yet again.	statement	db
We were probably 75% done with our sides when our chicken parts were ready.	statement	db
Once you order, your rice will be hand over to the lady at the cash counter where she will ask you if you want curry or soy sauce on your rice.	statement	db
Quite frustrating for someone who don't like any sauce on my rice.	statement	db
This was one of my favourite haunts for lunch when I worked in the area for half a year.	statement	db
They're generally warm and fresh, especially during lunch time when the dishes just fly off their metal trays.	statement	db
If traditional pasta is what you're seeking, then don't visit Bene.	statement	db
This was close to where I was so decided to try.	statement	db
this place reminds me of my favorite indian places in london, where the cuisine is dished up fine-dining-style, and with more care and finesse than you'd usually see in singapore.	statement	db
- but good indian food to me is when The spices harmonise and complement The meats, and it was done very nicely here.	statement	db
I think it was quite rich, so make sure you know what you're in for.	statement	db
and an indian meal just isn't complete without a curry or daal, especially when you have delicious naan to sop it up with.	statement	db
It's a nice, classy looking spot in the heart of Clarke Quay, so if that's what you're after, by all means it should be great for you, but if what you're after is great Indian food, look elsewhere.	statement	db
This place is very modern, high tech payment at the food stalls through auto paying machine (some accept cash, nets and credit card, while some accept nets or credit card only), sends you an sms when your food is ready for collection, a food hall with some of the top raving restaurants in Singapore now, and provides live band entertainment at night!	statement	db
Anyhoo, we were craving budae jigae after catching Bourdain's Seoul Episode of No Reservations where he takes 2 newbie US soldiers to a Korean restaurant to introduce them to kim chi and Korean food.	statement	db
I don't get why but Korean food is darn EXPENSIVE in Singapore.	statement	db
No idea what motivates a person to set up a Korean restaurant in a street full of them.	statement	db
I'm an American who appreciates a good sandwich.	statement	db
I'm so happy there's a cute and happy cafe in Singapore where the food tastes amazing and looks so novel!!	statement	db
However, what we got was a slip shot, corner cutting, zero creativity desert.	statement	db
The noodles were soft, which was to my liking, but may be considered overdone for those who like theirs al dente.	statement	db
Since then, I've been back about 4 times, I take clients there, I took my friends who were visiting from the US and have gone back on my own.	statement	db
I love innovation but a classic is often a classic for a reason and when it is executed well, it is hard to beat.	statement	db
And this is not where the praise stops: the cocktail, recommended by the bartender, was simply amazing!	statement	db
In NYC, the food was amazing and we loved what we ordered, but here we both didn't think the food was as good and at the end of the meal, we just felt full with not a satisfying feeling.	statement	db
Salmon tartare was very small and not at all worth the $22++ ...portion essentially what you'd get if it was served in a martini glass.	statement	db
Overall for what was essentially a meal for one, we paid $77 and didn't even order a drink.	statement	db
Don't be sucked in by the celebrity name, the food is far from what the price tag leads you to expect.	statement	db
The steak was a bit undercooked, but they quickly took it back and brought it up to where I wanted it temperature-wise.	statement	db
I think I am the first person in Singapore to order a Last Word, but I walked the bartenders through what goes in it and they made it perfetly!	statement	db
The French Onion Soup was very good, though quite pricey, but definitely the best french onion soup I ever had, unfortunately though that wasn't what  I really wanted.	statement	db
The Morbier cheese is what took it over the top.	statement	db
After lunch at Pita Pan, I hopped over to DB Bistro, where I had visited three times previously, for their revamped menu.	statement	db
I began with a forgettable cheese puff but things improved when my heirloom tomato salad came.	statement	db
I had the Frenchie burger while my friend had the Yankee burger ( think that's what it was called)  the issue with their burger was which my friend echoed too was that they seemed to have high quality ingredients but they didn't come together well.	statement	db
Also never have I had a great burger in a place where they ask you how would you like your patty done, a burger patty is not a steak and since the chef has put together the offering the house should go with what they think goes best, they can have different burgers for those who like it rare v/s those who like it well done or since its a fine dining establishment have the option of accommodating the guest's request if the guest has a very particular way they want their burger...  A meal with one of their basic burger with fries ( tad overdone) and a soda ( we had a mint lemonade, quite average) sets you back by $45 all inclusive not bad for a fine dining place with pretty good if a little over-whelming service....	statement	db
I'm not sure it was the best combinaton though - both the souffle and sorbet had muted profiles that disappeared into an indistinct nothingness when eaten together.	statement	db
At 57, he is a well established celebrity chef who owns many high rating restaurants in the West.	statement	db
Daniel is well-known for his traditional French cooking with a touch of modern American flavor (This speaks well for the attention he receives in New York, he clearly understood what appeals and suits the Americans with a twist).	statement	db
It is easily accessible by public transports; where the most convenient way of getting there by Mass Rapid Transit (MRT), alighting at Bayfront station.	statement	db
I'd to have another when some new flavors caught my eyes.	statement	db
The $100 bill is worth trying out a Michelin-3 star's cousin after all.Thanks to the Alsatian born chef; Stephane Istel who manned the stove at the MBS outlet, I had a memorable bistronomic affair altogether.	statement	db
And for the dessert, my favorite is the profiteroles with a chocolate disk that melts when they pour the extra chocolate sauce.	statement	db
It was a poorly executed, under cooked (raw when I asked for medium, pink the middle) bundle of ground beef, short ribs, with foie gras stuffed in the middle.	statement	db
the patty was made from what i suspect is rib meat, and a delicious silver of foie gras is stuffed in between the juicy patty.	statement	db
there was a malay lady who was absolutely knowledgeable and spot on.	statement	db
When the crab came out, it looked great but when I started to pick at it, the crab wasn't large at all.	statement	db
For the uninitiated, it's flatbread with dried fruit, nuts, and herbs- when it's served fresh out of the oven it's ommmmmgahhhh so good.	statement	db
The brown sauce is like those you get when you eat the fried ampang yong tau foo.	statement	db
The broth was good and the noodles exactly what Korean instant noodles should be.	statement	db
After we were finished, we proceeded to Gyoza King where we each had a plate of gyoza and shared some sides.	statement	db
Even more shockingly, when the chef asked if we were full and responded no, he asked us if we'd like anything more... we ended up asking for a negitoro maki, and a kohada sushi.	statement	db
But at the $300 price point (which is what I paid today, pretending that I didn't order the a la carte items) Sushi Mitsuya is poor value.	statement	db
A lot of the dissatisfaction also has to do with our sushi chef, who moved in a very inefficient manner, wasting a lot of time putting something down, picking it up, putting it down again, cutting tuna, then cutting ika, then going back to cut tuna... and made us mildly concerned since he was opening cupboards and doors in between cutting raw fish and making sushi (all sans gloves of course, which is expected), and using the same cloth to wipe his cutting board, his knife, his chopsticks, his hands, and his forearm.	statement	db
When you're craving for some American style Chinese comfort food and a flight to Australia for the next best thing is not in the cards, get your fix at Chop Suey, but prepare to pay up what the food you remember from back home in the US.	statement	db
I envy those people who stay around here ....	statement	db
The sides are extremely pricey for what you get, while the mains appear to offer a better value.	statement	db
good food, nice people, and a beautiful space - what else could you ask for!	statement	db
It was not too bad and only tasted better when topped with the bibimbap sauce.	statement	db
There were a few times where we were just waiting.	statement	db
Note to self: stick to asian food when in Asia.	statement	db
But they came with a cinnamon style jam which when used together gave the sensation of eating a cheese donut.... Weird.	statement	db
They have a delicious wine list that I had to take a picture of in order to remember what I was drinking so I could find it later.	statement	db
They accidentally gave away our table inside where the live music played (which was not good music anyways) and shifted us outside.	statement	db
And, when I asked for more water - it took forever to get the waiter's attention and we had to ask repeatedly (3 times) to get my refill.	statement	db
Tasted great but is also twice what you would pay for comparable tapas in the states and seemed an expensive food option compared to other area foods.	statement	db
Also the food took an incredibly long time to come and when my friends (who ordered the Paella) got their food, it looked like it sat in a fridge for a couple days before they microwaved it and put it on our table.	statement	db
She mumbled some rude things when we asked to have our picture taken,  she asked if we wanted separate bills, we said yes, and then she still put everything in one bill.	statement	db
We were into our second cocktail when the kitchen brought out the pan of Paella and took the foil covering off at the table.	statement	db
They also have a happy hour, for those who want to eat out on the cheap - always a bonus in my book!	statement	db
Gave our are reservation and got irritated when we complained to the manager for a table.	statement	db
But, go with the oden, at least that's what I assuage myself with cos' it's healthy and guilt-free.	statement	db
Come here with a friend who can drink, leave your car keys at home, and leave happy and inebriated.	statement	db
Me and my friend are not experts when it comes to choosing sake, so we described the taste profile and our price range to the staff and they will pick something suitable for you.	statement	db
They are very attentive and knowledgeable, so don't be afraid to ask for recommendations if you're not sure what you want to order.	statement	db
I was curious about this place at first because they've managed to make their bar look like a hole-in-wall Japanese liquor shop when all their neighbours are striving for the opposite.	statement	db
Turns out it's run by the people who distribute sake to lots of Japanese restaurants here in Singapore.	statement	db
Thumbs up to the attentive staff who are always friendly despite the insane crowd they have to tend to.	statement	db
I like this Jewel, it's on my walk to the office, and depending on what time you catch them the line is easy enough to get in and get out of without spending 15 getting your coffee (i'm looking at you Starbucks)  They're still fairly new so every now and they do good specials like $4 lattes or $7 latte and crossiants.	statement	db
now comes the important part where you need to give it a really good mix, for all the flavours to combine well together.	statement	db
The restaurant was helmed by Chef Eric Yeo, who was formerly from Marina Mandarin.	statement	db
The char siew was firm and juicy, but what it unique was its caramel taste crust.	statement	db
Currently the restaurant is having a promotion where members get FREE Hot Stone Poached Prawns with Chinese Wine and Herbs 药材醉酒鲜虾 with minimum order of $80 on ala carte menu.	statement	db
Grand Mandarin is a standalone restaurant on New Bridge Road, next to Capital Restaurant, which would be familiar to those who grew up in Singapore.	statement	db
Our noodle dish came before the duck, which wasn't very hot when it arrived.	statement	db
I got one, and it wasn't as fluffy as when I get it at lunch.	statement	db
This made one felt so unwelcome, especially when the restaurant was less than a quarter full.	statement	db
I don't know why Les Bouchons has all the hype when this place clearly has it beat down!!!	statement	db
For the 2 dishes we had where medium size..	statement	db
We were caught off guard by the hostess who stopped us while passing to get us to eat here.	statement	db
We knew it was a bad sign when our drinks came and we could not taste any alcohol in it.	statement	db
Here they did and charged 15 SGD each, when we asked they would not remove the charge even though they are listed nowhere as a side on the menu.	statement	db
The truffle was a bit overpowering...  Service wasn't so nice, was giving attitude when asked for ketchup.	statement	db
and was so sweet and smiling when she gave me the check to write a tip.	statement	db
A lot of the reviews here are right when they say they have been here for over 20 years.	statement	db
I can't say the fries and wings were out of the world but it is still well cooked, which is more than what you can expect from restaurants these days.	statement	db
My friends who ordered medium rare for their steak got a pretty bloody steak so...luckily I ordered well done!	statement	db
The amazing thing is the menu and decor really haven't changed that much, and I'd still happily go back when in the mood for casual ""Western"" food.	statement	db
The standard and quality of food has always been great and seldom dips, and you can tell that its one of those businesses where recipes are passed down from father to son.	statement	db
But then I meet professional food reviewers who have never heard of it.	statement	db
Gary-san not only has plenty of experience at the more famous names where he has learnt his craft (I discovered him at Hinoki), he is continuously seeking to improve in true shokunin style, and often adds a little bit of tasteful innovation such as his famous goose foie gras-ebi that tops the sashimi selection if you're going for the omakase.	statement	db
The service is spectacular and if I had to show someone what ""exceptional service"" means, I'd take him to Hakumai.	statement	db
The omakase keeps changing with the seasonality of the produce... One side effect has been that my Tokyo trips have featured considerably less sushi, as I just can't be bothered to deal with the effort that even half decent sushi chefs force upon the unsuspecting gaijin who just wants to have dinner at their place these days.	statement	db
Hakumai is my default port of call when guests are visiting Singapore and want to eat somewhere nice.	statement	db
The waitress looked flustered and proceeded towards the back of the restaurant to have a heated exchange with another waitress...then they proceeded to area of the open kitchen where the orders were placed...  Much to everyone's collective dismay, the orders were not neatly organized by time or order, but rather they were in a huge pile!	statement	db
The waitress came back and told us our mains would be out soon...  ...and we waited...  ...and waited...  ...finally, when the couple who arrived 30 minutes after us, got their mains before us, we threw in the towel and asked for the check...  PARTING THOUGHT: We left feeling like sadish little radishes with half empty bellies...	statement	db
I'm not sure what compelled me to turn a simple review into a creative writing assignment.	statement	db
Then again the price is a fraction of what a typical hotel buffet would have cost.	statement	db
That is why is always crowded and noisy.	statement	db
Good food, great drinks, great crowd, great atmosphere - what more can you ask of this place.	statement	db
But let's talk about the food, where Tess really started to shine.	statement	db
So when you want to go to a place for cocktails and for a more substantial meal, Tess Kitchen and Bar works very nicely!	statement	db
Top: when you order, look the menu CAREFULLY.	statement	db
But the taste and service is where the difference comes in.	statement	db
Prices are same to what you pay in a neighbourhood dim sum place so a good deal in a nostalgic setting.	statement	db
For those who do not know frog leg tastes exactly like chicken, only more tender, but has the consistency of fish.	statement	db
Since the stall allows you to order by per piece instead of per basket, it has easier portion control and you won't find yourself in that awkward position of deciding who will have the last piece when sharing 10 dumplings among 3 people.	statement	db
But I could not believe it when I received my fish and chips.	statement	db
Couldn't remember what to order for dinner.	statement	db
The stir fried pork & onion strips with fried mantou buns is a must try for those who love mantou buns or pork.	statement	db
It is even better when paired with the house chili.	statement	db
But haven't been since they stopped the champagne brunch where we were regulars.	statement	db
That's where all the delicious lurks.	statement	db
It's only fitting I post a SG review for a Chinese buffet... it harkens back to the good ole days of yore, when I willingly posted about my piggy-ventures on the east coast.	statement	db
I went with my taiwanese friends who were in town, and they wanted to go due to high reviews on trip advisor.	statement	db
I expected a lot more based on what my friends were telling me.	statement	db
A good spot for a late night meal (or any time really, I just find myself here late at night when other spots in the neighborhood are closed).	statement	db
First of all they do not serve the three meats shabu shabu, who knows why, despite the fact it is on the menu!!!!!	statement	db
I actually really wanted to like the bar, I really did, and the reason that I give it three stars is because I want to give credit where credit is due.	statement	db
First of all I had no choice so to where I wanted to sit, and secondly he did not understand the concept of 'I only want one beer' - but it was happy hour, two for the price of one - yes, but I only want one beer.	statement	db
However, great beer, and I would give it another go, but watch out for the zealous staff (or go with somebody who will drink that other beer).	statement	db
Unfortunately, I find this place a little bit too expensive for what it is.	statement	db
I think most people who come around this neighborhood know that 2N1D is the place to go for Korean food but they stink so much (I can say that since I am Korean..American) that I really don't want to sit there for an hour and have to dry clean everything I am wearing.	statement	db
CHANGE YOUR WAITRESS to someone who knows how to wait tables and smile!	statement	db
Once dinner time is over,  LIB bursts to life in the later part of the evenings where djs take centre stage,  and Singapore's finest talents,  sometimes guests from overseas,  control the dance floor with their signature sounds.	statement	db
The food I must admit is very average, but this is a coffee joint more than anything else, and they serve excellent coffee which is why I think it is still deserving of a full 5 stars.	statement	db
Wasn't sure what I was expecting when I asked honestly, but  was pleasantly blown away.	statement	db
Pick a few (I've never done more than three per a plate), pay based on what you selected (in my experience $3SGD for three vegetable selections, $4SD for two vegetable selections and one protein), sit down, and eat.	statement	db
Which also means that it's extremely crowded on Sundays, when they have a day off.	statement	db
For $5.70 it is slightly pricey, but that's what we pay in town.	statement	db
They also have private room seating but when they are busy, buzzing the bell for a long time might not get you much response.	statement	db
But still, the only reason why all the Korean restaurants in Tanjong Pagar's Korea Town can co-exist with each other is because of the diversity of food options they present.	statement	db
I always forget to bring a packet of tissues with me when I'm out for lunch so it comes in very handy indeed!	statement	db
While waiting in line, stare at the big poster board on the wall to think of what to order.	statement	db
Once you get to the display cases, you will need to tell them what you want.	statement	db
And say yes when asked if you want them cut (sliced) unless you like to hold it in your fist and eat it like a wrap.	statement	db
Aussie Roll basically caters to the average, rushed office employee who needs a quick lunch that's fuss free, inexpensive and portable.	statement	db
For those who don't like raw food, would like more protein and dislike vegetables, the cooked meat rolls *look* delicious and helpings are generous compared to say SSB, your average supermarket sushi roll or the mass market restaurant chains.	statement	db
That wasn't the case here with the rolls as a whole or with the ingredients pieced apart, which is what I ended up doing when I realized it was going to be a chore to finish my lunch.	statement	db
To save the day though, the aunties manning the counter were really funny when I asked them for recommendations.	statement	db
Also, the sushi rice is really just mashed together rice ""paste"" almost, kind of what you'd expect from machines/not very good rice.	statement	db
Don't know what the bad reviews were about.	statement	db
The bbq is highly recommended as it is cooked over real charcoal and when you do get to know the family they are very warm and friendly.	statement	db
stopped by on a friday night and there was a large group outside of locals who came here often and really enjoyed it and their food looked great.	statement	db
don't get me wrong i am fine with this, but tell me up front when i sit down that i have to pay cash and dont play dumb once i get my bill (which wasn't exactly cheap).	statement	db
so all in all the food is good, but i am morally opposed to going back due to the total disregard of customer service and even when i told them how bad it was all i got was a ""sorry.""	statement	db
It's a bit grimy and wet-markety because it's only run by two people who use gloves to handle the veggie and meat dishes (chopped up in front of you) and who are in charge of collecting money and taking orders at the same time.	statement	db
In Singapore this kind of food of course includes hainanese chicken rice which you might find at least one stall in any hawker center across Singapore and that's why it is easy to just pass on as another Hainanese chicken rice stall and people will not care about it being perfect or more.	statement	db
So whenever you are in the area, don't forget to come around and try this hole in a wall establishment who I believe deserves all the mentions that they can get :)	statement	db
It is what it is, it is good toast and it came with kopi in a set so it worked out well.	statement	db
I even brought more just for a previous UYE and everyone who tried agreed that it was REALLY good...a DEFINITE MUST-TRY!	statement	db
Welcomed by their friendly staff and ordered the recommended dishes,  Jjajjangmyeon (black bean paste noodles) and Tangsuyuk (sweet and sour pork)   Taste exactly like what I've ate in Korea but only that the noodles are slightly thicker, reminds me of thin udon haha The Tangsuyuk sauce was served separately which will keep ya deep fried pork crispy throughout ya dining experience.	statement	db
Kind of a sadomasochistic eating outing for me but what pleasure from the pain.	statement	db
And with the brutal heat these days, this is also a place where you can get a organic soya beancurd (the lao ban version).	statement	db
At least that's what I'm using it for.	statement	db
I did wonder initially why the staff sometimes left tables empty when there was a queue outside and sitting at the bar showed me that.	statement	db
From where I was, it looked immaculate.	statement	db
I must be blind all these while, even though I walked along Craig Road too many times, but never had I look to the left where this awesome food court is.	statement	db
Nobody wants to be coated with ""Eau De Foodcourt"" after lunch time, if you know what I mean.	statement	db
My family decided to drop by after meeting a contact who lived at Pinnacle @ Duxton.	statement	db
Even my toddler who loves guzzling plain, uncooked pasta rejected it.	statement	db
Convenient pagers are used by all stalls, and buzz you when your food is ready for pickup.	statement	db
I'm not sure what they are hiding.	statement	db
(As you can see, i don't think authenticity is what they were going for here...)  The dish came not even a minute after i sat down... And it was delicious!	statement	db
""Broken rice"" concept reminds me of the Vietnamese meals I had in the U.S. Due to my experiences that I had in the U.S., I was rather carrying high expectations before trying what this place have to offer.	statement	db
Pretty crowded and it has the same concept as Nam Nam where you are given a seat and you have to queue to pay for the food and the drinks.	statement	db
I took out the drinks from the refrigerator but they did not notice it so one of them had to put back what he brought out.	statement	db
Not sure what it's like for lunch, but for dinner the ordering process was as follows: 1) Stand in queue and wait to be seated.	statement	db
I found this place last month when I was wondering around China town and desperately needed a cold beer and some food asap.	statement	db
There are countless times when I've been to vegetarian restaurants and walked out feeling like I had three value meals at McDonalds.	statement	db
It was pretty quiet when I was there for lunch but I was told that they get pretty popular with the dinner crowd.	statement	db
It kind of depends what they happen to fish out of the pot though, I've seen other people get pieces of corn but I've yet to receive such bounty.	statement	db
All that changed yesterday, when I discovered the whole management has changed hands!	statement	db
No longer is the smiling soup-ladling man with the short hair asking me 'here' or 'takeway' and giving me an extra boiled date, no longer is the nice auntie giving me my brown rice and asking how I am, and no longer do I see the uncle who clears the plates at the end of the meal.	statement	db
I appreciated that they recognised me when I kept coming back.	statement	db
Now it seems the management has changed to unfriendly strange group of guys, who don't re-stock the chili and make soup much fattier than it used to be.	statement	db
I was kinda aimlessly walking around chinatown and decided to go to the food market for a refreshing cup of sugar cane juice when this stall caught my eyes.	statement	db
The sauce initially tasted a little on the sweet side but despite it being sweeter, it slowly evolved into this wonderful rich (this is why using pork belly is so important), salty, sweet, umami goodness, yet, despite getting its smoothness and richness from the pork belly, it didn't leave that rancid oily feeling on your lips or the roof of the mouth.	statement	db
I am that same girl who stops by here at least three times a week for lunch and two times a week for dinner!	statement	db
The one who always orders Forrest Mushroom or Bacon Minestrone and occasionally another bowl of Chicken Brandy for the boyfriend!	statement	db
Of course this being Singapore, it's pricier than I'm used to but who cares.	statement	db
I was stumbling around looking for a food center near my hotel and all I could see where expensive touristy restaurants with American or overpriced Singaporean food.	statement	db
I stop for awhile to watch the fountain and asked a security guard where I might find a food court.	statement	db
I'm not sure what to compare the prices to since another reviewer commented on the expensiveness of Food Republic, but I found it to be very reasonable and quite cheap.	statement	db
Exactly what I wanted  They have 5 or so noodle types for you to choose from and you can't really go wrong with any of them.	statement	db
Although not my favorite food republic (Ion Orchard location is my fav because of Indonesian BBQ hehe), this is place packs a punch as evidenced by the scores of people who choose this location as their go to lunch place during the work week.	statement	db
I'm not much for yong tau foo/mini wok, but my Malaysian colleague who has a discerning taste says the ytf is pretty good.	statement	db
We walked around for a long time trying to figure out where to eat, eventually everything looks the same.	statement	db
I am still not adventurous enough to try things that I do not know what they are.	statement	db
In the end, when I thought of the entire experience and compared it to others, I felt it was just a tad short of earning  the fourth star.	statement	db
We were here on a weekday evening and made reservations, though we needn't have bothered because the restaurant was practically empty when we were there at 7.	statement	db
And lastly the drinks we came for (after all, the only reason why Absinthe was even on the radar was it's namesake).	statement	db
Which is why Absinthe is great, because despite its lack of publicity and even a change of location, it has been doing good since i last wrote about it 2 years ago (read about it here).	statement	db
Service was good but nothing outstanding, just what you would expect from such an establishment.	statement	db
The deets on 1 star: Had a business lunch at Boat Quay, where the restaurant moved about 2 years ago.	statement	db
Both the food and service was a mess and I will preface, I am holding Absinthe to fine dining standards because that's what the restaurant markets itself as.	statement	db
There wasn't a door host when I arrived and the waiters seemed to consciously avoid trying to seat me.	statement	db
So pick and choose when you eat at Absinthe :-/	statement	db
My wife had a langostine sallad, where they havent even botherd to reomve the ""brown string"" from the tales, my daugthers ravioli was really good.	statement	db
Unfortunately though, the person who prepared the oysters simply did not know how to shuck an oyster.	statement	db
Another issue with the oysters was, for some reason, when he asked if we were going to share and we said yes, the server doubled our order.	statement	db
They know when to approach and when patrons want to be in their little happy bubble) but are also very knowledgable about their menu and wines which is always helpful.	statement	db
The bouillabaisse is well known to be a signature of Chef Francois, who came up with his own version when he was unable to find one he really liked.	statement	db
Staffs are attentive and quick to clear your table when they notice that you've finished your dish in preparation for the next.	statement	db
I had no idea what mookata was and thought my friends were referring to a New Zealand haka when they suggested dinner here.	statement	db
Was there with some girl friends and when I got home, my hubby refused to kiss me and demanded I shower first!	statement	db
Menu more limited than what I thought based on the gf recommendation I had found online.	statement	db
When I arrived but the chef went through the menu and said what I could have being gf.	statement	db
It started with the service, when we flagged someone down they were so unsure and soft spoken I thought they were just bus staff not actual waiters, nope they are the actual waiters, and they are all unsure and soft spoken.	statement	db
You have to strain to hear them, and when they deliver food you have no idea what they are saying.	statement	db
I don't know if they are unsure of the pronunciation or if they don't want to interrupt, but it is always a guess as to what they are bringing out.	statement	db
We left Churros on the table and had people who ""Can't get enough Churros"" until they had these :( The drinks were okay, my Margarita with an old dry lime was unique.	statement	db
The flavours were not too far off mark and the desserts were actually pretty good and rather creative when they rolled around.	statement	db
The beef burrito wasn't what I was expecting.	statement	db
I regretted that immediately when I saw the pricetag, which was over $50/head.	statement	db
Now, I get this is Singapore, and you expect to pay more, but for what was delivered, $25-30/head would have been much more on point.	statement	db
I think $35 should have been the absolute ceiling given what we were served.	statement	db
I'm from California where we eat our fair share of Cali-Mex and I've never had or heard of grasshoppers in Guacamole.	statement	db
When I asked her what kind of Mexican place doesn't have rice or beans, after stumbling a bit she, she replied.""	statement	db
Chijmes is generally not the place where you'd want to go for a quiet, peaceful dinner, and boy was the place busy for what naive me thought was the end of a regular working day.	statement	db
The operators of the various eateries at Chijmes seem to be engaged in a fierce competition of who can play music loudest as part of their campaign to astroturf maximum amounts of fun to the venue, and the result is that in most venues you hear the soundtracks of at least three other places plus live music and can generally not hear each other talk.	statement	db
But if you now are one such fellow, and happen to get stuck there hungry and desperate, then maybe...   After some wandering we were relieved to find that El Mero Mero had a nice, non crowded back room where the music of the other eateries was not quite as audible and we could discern the beat of what came out of their proper loudspeakers, and better even, we could actually talk to each other, one or those totally underrated activities it seems these days, where a 'fun night out' often gets equated with blood coming out of your ears on the cab ride home.	statement	db
I went with the carnitas tacos, and they seemed just about right, like what I remember they were from the taco trucks in LA.	statement	db
Not the most uniquely original place in the world, but you can't really blame anyone for not experimenting too much in a locale where rents surely must be astronomical.	statement	db
I really don't know what to say.	statement	db
I don't know why this has so few stars but I really like this Mexican restaurant.	statement	db
My future sister-in-law is Mexican and like from Mexico herself and she was the one who brought me here first.	statement	db
Anyhoo, we ordered a couple of wraps and the folks behind the counter were very friendly, patient, and helpful in telling us what the difference was between the wraps and the choices we had for types of wrappings.	statement	db
It is cool that they have several different flavours of wraps and they're all pressed on a grill before being put in the funky covering (which you can tear off layer by layer, pretty cool - but when you reach the bottom of the wrap there are no more layers left to tear off and you just have to get creative with folding if you don't want to touch the wrap with yr bare hands!)	statement	db
One of my favourite lunch places when I used to work in the area.	statement	db
Friends who have accompanied me for lunch have loved the cheese ttobokki and spicy seafood ramen too.	statement	db
But often when it comes to Korean food and lunch, that's exactly what you need.	statement	db
My friend had recommended it but as it's not that near my office, I went only when there was a voucher deal.	statement	db
The lack of seating to me is a problem as we pay a premium for coffees and hot chocolates and I do it when I want to chill and have a chat/crowd watch.	statement	db
Great service crew who are very willing to help.	statement	db
Go when it is not busy.	statement	db
Have we sunken so low and gotten so cost conscious that 3 ppl run around like headless chickens trying to service what looks like 20 covers all at once.	statement	db
I was a bi-weekly regular when Ikkousha was at Bugis+ and felt it served the best ramen in Singapore.	statement	db
the food here strikes me as being classic but-not-really, very exquisite and rather well made - and very much in line with what I expect from a chinese restaurant inside a hotel: good service, food that's interesting but still familiar, and a peaceful ambience.	statement	db
I certainly had no qualms about the bill when it arrived, service was polite and our tea cups constantly filled - and the mum had a good time.	statement	db
We assumed it would be significantly better than what we find in Gearhart, Oregon.	statement	db
I am not a connoisseur of Cantonese food though we have friends who are.	statement	db
We had birds nest soup, not a regular item where I go.	statement	db
We were the last lunch table seated that day which meant our server was distracted with other duties when we wanted to order and when it was time to serve our food.	statement	db
Its gonna set you back a bit.I I was so happy to find this place where you can get a SOLID meal for less than S$10.	statement	db
I haven't tried it myself but hearing several people rave about it is definitely giving me the urge to try it out when I'm in the area.	statement	db
I'm not sure why anyone would order it.	statement	db
The grilled avocado was actually a salad (description didn't make that clear), the dressing was nice, a sharp Japanese dressing that went well with the greens and tomatoes, though it felt overpriced when the only thing that differentiated it from a MOS Burger salad was the presence of avocado.	statement	db
For example, Korean Boss BarBQ considers themselves to serve 4 course when it's actually just 1 main course of meat dish+ rice+soup+side dishes.	statement	db
Mostly visited by tourists who don't come back anyway..	statement	db
I have no choice, but avoid it when you can.	statement	db
This ramen spot is definitely a little close in quarters, as you can basically hear what the table next to you is saying--and there's never enough room for the servers to squeeze by the other tables to get to yours...so we had to tell our server our orders across the other table.	statement	db
I'd definitely recommend Daikokuya ramen, and when we were walking around that day...other lunch spots didn't really jump out at us.	statement	db
Having side dishes and curry rice options are also a good idea so friends who don't really like ramen have more options to choose from as well.	statement	db
As I was walking around, I spied this place and what drew me in was the rail-thin old guy working the stove.	statement	db
There were only 2 people in line ahead of me (a questionable fact since I try to look for places with long lines as a method of what is good in the moment) but I figured what the heck, for $4 SGD, I'll take my chances and if it is bad, I'll write it off as the cost of street food exploration.	statement	db
All have some fried dough cut on the top and there are several condiments including micro black pepper powder, black vinegar, dark soy, hot chilies (and I mean nose-bleed hot) and this is a self-service stand so jockey your way in, yell out what you want, pay the guy in one hand while he uses his other to do about 12 things to assemble your dish, season it up and bob and weave out of the crowd to a table where you can sit elbow to elbow with fellow food lovers burping and slurping to your heart's content.	statement	db
Sure, the prices aren't cheap since meat in Singapore is twice to thrice times more expensive than what Korean BBQ eateries in Los Angeles charge, but hey, it's tasty nonetheless.	statement	db
It came recommended by an Iranian friend when I mentioned that we were looking for a good Mediterranean restaurant.	statement	db
The restaurant was empty when we arrived at 7pm, but it was full by 8pm.	statement	db
I think it would have been helpful to have sorted the main dishes by type of meat, and also add a short English description in the title (not in the long detailed description), but the restaurant's been around so I'm sure they know what they are doing.	statement	db
Service was very quick, the wine we ordered was always topped up when needed, and we genuinely felt very well-treated.	statement	db
He threatened to call the police when we said we did not want our mains, because the show - with speaker system you cannot yell over -must go on.	statement	db
i love Shiraz... this one has late night hours so it always makes me mad when i cant get one during the lunch hours.	statement	db
but last night when i went at midnight it was pretty amazing!	statement	db
The most memorable part of the dinner was the belly dancer, who will perform around the restaurant and between the tables.	statement	db
We then came back at 6:45 when they were finally done after having a couple of drinks and appetizers at District10.	statement	db
Sadly, Cold Stone at Pekin Street is a shadow of what the chain is about.	statement	db
I wasn't sure what to expect from Australian barbecue, but it did not disappoint.	statement	db
There were a couple small tables outside (both occupied) and what seemed like no vacancy inside.	statement	db
Uni spread on a wheat toast with some toasted seaweed....oh man why can't butter be this good!	statement	db
The only problem with an open kitchen, as well as the background music, was that I couldn't hear much when the chefs introduced the dishes.	statement	db
But what I can highly recommend:  - The BURNT ENDS SANGER (pulled pork burger).	statement	db
It gives you a real good appreciation for what it takes to run a top notch restaurant.	statement	db
The menu follows the current trend where you list only the ingredients.	statement	db
And sure enough, that's what we got, but it was completely awesome - the leeks were grilled perfectly and sweet and tender, while the hazelnuts provided an excellent counter, and all swimming in a rich yummy bath of brown butter.	statement	db
Just ask the server what the most popular things are and order those.	statement	db
:D so without further ado, here's what we had:  Smoked quail eggs white truffle - it's good, but for the price of $12 PER EGGS i wouldn't get it again.	statement	db
this was so good that when I first bit into it, I practically trailed off whatever conversation I was having, and all the excellent dishes we had before hand just seemed to pale in comparison.	statement	db
Update (Feb 5): went back and had the following dishes: - uni with cauliflower sauce - leeks, hazelnut - corgette - toast and tomato with pancetta - sanger - flank, onion and marrow - banana caramel Will update properly when i have the chance.	statement	db
I can confidently say this this is every foodie's nirvana... Open kitchen (a sign of confidence from the chef) and everyone is sat around the comptoir overlooking the kitchen...menu is revised and changed daily...   Everything on that piece of paper looked fantastic to me... Everything is super fresh, they'll even tell you when they run out of ingredients for each dish..	statement	db
They have a long counter where you can sit and see the action in the kitchen.	statement	db
Arrived at 7:45PM, we registered on the waiting list for 2 pax, we were told they call us back in 15 to 30 minutes...so requested for a bar where to go for a drink...the girl was not able to tell us where to go.	statement	db
I used modern because I am lax to use fusion - which often has negative connotation - this place serves up what I think is a very contemporary style of food: it straddles both eastern and weatern flavors perfectly well, and meshes elements and techniques to a cohesive and (if done right) enjoyable result.	statement	db
we were on a gander through keong saik friday night when we decided to pop in and try our luck - the first to arrive on the tail of someone's canceled reservation, so we scored a seat at the counter.	statement	db
the salmon roe atop crispy fish skin was more in line with what I expected from this place - the best way to eat this is to smear the eggs evenly atop the surface, so you get a bit of salty fishiness in each bite - pretty delicious.	statement	db
Yes, it's one of those counter-seating placers where you get to see everything happen in front of you, and it forces the crew to be ultra clean, and ultra deliberate about every step.	statement	db
The service we received however, is what made me dock a star.	statement	db
I don't know what the chef did while he shucked these babies but man.	statement	db
The pulled pork sandwich was tender, sandwiched between a willowy bun made by I'm guessing the stern looking baker lady who paced up and down to the ovens where her sourdoughs were baking.	statement	db
I was dying from hunger and it was only when I asked the waiter why 1/3 of our table got their food, did we realize there was some systematic course.	statement	db
Given that the menu isn't labeled as such and our host was politely *not* eating his Sanger, I'm going to bluntly say the waiters should have used their brains and asked why our plates weren't moving.	statement	db
The king crab was the weakest part of our meal and word of advice, not the best thing to eat when you're having a business lunch.	statement	db
The open kitchen is also hugely entertaining, especially when a table sent back their steak because someone messed up.	statement	db
Small restaurant with mostly counter only seating where you are up close watching the cooks.	statement	db
This is what good food os about.	statement	db
Wow, what an impressive restaurant and such a fun and interesting dining experience.	statement	db
But I will say that the service staff are very professional, clearly passionate about their food, and cause, and love what they do.	statement	db
They were able to give sound advise when we asked them about food and wine.	statement	db
The environment is noisy, and you have to get the food yourself at the counter when it's ready- which is probably a down-point for this restaurant.	statement	db
At Waku Ghin, you will get seated at a counter where a chef comes out to serve 10-course degustation menu, priced at whopping S$400 per person (thank god the dollar to Singapore dollar exchange rate during my visit was as favorable as it could get!).	statement	db
Following a serving of soothing somen and gyokuro (green tea), I was led to the main dining area where desserts started coming in.	statement	db
You walk into the casino area of MBS and are pleasantly welcomed by the staff as they open the doors for you and and seat you to your room where you will sit alongside 2-3 other couples (was a bit awkward when I came solo).	statement	db
Your chef comes into the room and introduces himself along with what he calls the ""menu"", or simply a showcase of the fish that will be prepared for the meal.	statement	db
There is a reason why this place is ranked as one of the Top 50 restaurants in the world.	statement	db
Normally I love sweet sauce on anything, so I don't know what they did wrong with this sauce.	statement	db
Maybe I did not enjoy the subtleness of the 10 well-presented courses enough but honestly I was expecting to be wowed but in the end I came away with 3000 reasons why I could have eaten elsewhere for 5* food but much much better value.	statement	db
coincidentally, it was his birthday but alas he dined WITHOUT ME, as he said you were too expensive for kids to tag along:(  the first thing he said, when i saw him this morning was,""son, you need to study really hard and make sure that you can speak clearly and communicate properly!""	statement	db
but apparently, the uncles and aunties who served him last night weren't able to do so without him constantly having to ask them to repeat what they said, again and again.	statement	db
anyway, just when he thought dinner was over, you moved him into a much cosier environment for his just desserts!	statement	db
then he was surprised with what looks like your signature chocolate cake with perfectly scribbled chocolate birthday wishes!	statement	db
We share our Teppanyaki room with another couple, who also have their own personal chef.	statement	db
Just know what to expect (it's not haute gastronomy the likes of Restaurant Andre or Jaan) and you'll probably enjoy your $400 worth of prime ingredients, done well.	statement	db
the ambiance and the food, defines what good dining experience should be.	statement	db
service was nothing to write home about but that was expected and we declined the tea and peanuts to avoid charges haha...obviously we were there for the chili crab so thats what we ordered haha.	statement	db
Once you get your RSVP secured, do make sure to show up on time or else you will lose your spot to the other hungry individuals who are waiting around and trying to get in without needing a RSVP.	statement	db
The location was beautiful we got a seat outside right on the water it was great spot and I see why there might be a slight up charge.	statement	db
One thing is his English wasn't great, so I don't he really understood what I needed.	statement	db
so what is the big deal.	statement	db
Yes, tea and peanuts are not free, but what's a few dollars when the crab is so exorbitant.	statement	db
Since we didn't make a reservation, we came right when they opened and waited for about 30 minutes.	statement	db
Pray that your food comes all at once and you're not devouring the veggies while waiting for your crab, and then waiting for the plain white rice when you're already 3/4 done with your crab.	statement	db
However for people who can handle spice, this will be nothing for you.	statement	db
This is a must go to when in Singapore.	statement	db
Will miss having this when back in California !	statement	db
I've never had any room for dessert when we eat here!	statement	db
I was warned that it could be very busy and I might have to wait, but when I got there and asked for a table of three, they mysteriously found a table for me among the huge crowd of filled up tables.	statement	db
Luckily they asked for the prices and declined when it was $500+.	statement	db
I love coming here when in Singapore.	statement	db
If you really want Chili Crab, go to Roland's where it was invented and where the locals go to eat it.	statement	db
We we're say by the river, and boy what a good view.	statement	db
Too bad we didn't get to eat the prawns when they were warm.	statement	db
We were told that it would be a long wait but when we showed up and were willing to sit in the smoker's section, we got a table right away.	statement	db
The wine ordered ( they have an amazing wine window at the entry  its just a window), was served way too late and warm (a Bordeaux blanc, what a pity).	statement	db
I don't know what it is exactly but thumbs up.	statement	db
On the third level where we dine in the lounge bar as the dining room in level 2 was fully reserved.	statement	db
If you enjoy alfresco dining, head up to their rooftop setting where you grab a good dining environment with herb around.	statement	db
With its name after the 80's pop band, grab it when you see it as they won't be in the menu for long.	statement	db
The homemade cola and all were pretty undrinkable to most of us who ordered it.	statement	db
This time, the waiter wasn't too friendly when taking our order but as the crowd thinned he warmed up, so perhaps customers were being demanding.	statement	db
I came here for the September YUBE, and our organizer kindly made a table reservation for us, which the waitstaff bungled up, and told us we had to leave by 2pm, when in fact, the reservation was made specifically till 230pm.	statement	db
To be fair, it was only one wait staff who was that.	statement	db
I was taken aback when the said wait staff flatly refused to do individual billing even before we ordered especially when we were a big group.	statement	db
I have also been to places when they can spilt the bill even when it was just 2 persons dining.	statement	db
The same wait staff was also very adamant about us hurrying up (close to 30 minutes of our arrival and we were settling in and looking at the menu, taking pictures and just trying to decide on what to order) in placing our order and telling us we need to vacate in an hour time.	statement	db
Never have I been to a place where the staff would actually say that.	statement	db
Thank goodness our efficient organizer kept the email reservation where it clearly stated our timing.	statement	db
And the place was fairly empty when we were there, definitely not full house with a line waiting outside.	statement	db
Burgers are now where I used to enjoy a kopi and a kaya toast or two.	statement	db
Late this  afternoon, I SMSed our friend who warned us about the poor value and got a reply of  ""Told you so!"".	statement	db
Went to Potato Head for cocktail week 2016 and once the staff finally pointed us to the proper bar where we could order the drinks, everything went smoothely.	statement	db
It would be a different story if this was Potato Head in Bali where you're captive in one club without other food options, but there are plenty of nearby eateries where you could get better bang for your buck.	statement	db
Yes, this is a burger joint, but we were a bit disappointed that they didn't really have any decent alternatives for those who were craving something else.	statement	db
We had a reservation from 1230-1430, and while we did take SOME time to order, there was this guy who kept on rushing us and telling us that we had to get out by 2pm...	statement	db
From the people who brought us Potato Head Club in Jakarta and Bali, comes the smaller, quainter ""folkier"" version here in Singapore.	statement	db
On the bottom, it's a casual outdoor spot where you can take away a burger or scoff it there and then.	statement	db
Past the charming door hosts and up the quirky stairwell painted by Melbourne artist David Bromley, you'll come to the dining area where Burgers and fun pre-mixed cocktails are the order of the day.	statement	db
If downstairs is for the young at heart, this space is for proper grown ups... or those of us who like to at least pretend we are.	statement	db
Then I transferred to the second floor (""Three Buns Burgers & Cocktails"") where the food was being served.	statement	db
From the girl at the counter who was in an extremely sour mood, to our server who cold shouldered us the whole night.	statement	db
Anyone who rates these burgers less than 5 stars has their head firmly inserted in their ass.	statement	db
I like that they take a different approach to food and drink menu and what they serve.	statement	db
Not typical Singapore where everything is essential the same..However, the execution of the food was just ok.	statement	db
This was probably the best soundtrack of a dining experience I had when I was here in early September.	statement	db
Not sure what station, playlist or CD it was but when I was there, it was some spin on reggae/Jamaican vibes.	statement	db
It was pretty packed when we were there (11pm-1am) but you can definitely find standing room.	statement	db
Great ambience, great music, awesome artworks, fantastic burgers is all what makes this joint so special.	statement	db
The sizes of these burgers remind me of what you can get from MacDonald's (no not the big mac).	statement	db
That's the reason why I had two burgers instead of just one.	statement	db
Now for what I didn't care for - the room, which looked like a tea room and not really my style.	statement	db
We ordered a few oysters but they only came 20 minutes after, when our table was nearly ready.	statement	db
We ordered two of each to try them out and the Medicine Creek won hands down - so much so that when we ordered a dozen, they only had one of this variety left!	statement	db
Even more so when service can be spotty (though they earnestly try), and the cocktails, while good, aren't really up my alley.	statement	db
That's why you'll have A WHALE OF A TIME.	statement	db
The $2-$3 oysters (5-7pm on weekdays+saturday, all day on mondays) drew me to this place, but what really made me like it were the sides that we got.	statement	db
Our server told us about the oyster farm in DC where they order their oysters from.	statement	db
Nothing here is really what I would call cheap, but decent prices, and an excellent place to come with a group, as you can get a whole bunch of things to share.	statement	db
I can understand why some people are disappointed with the small size and limited variety here at Makansutra, but my motto is less is more.	statement	db
Excellent for what it is - an uber-friendly guide to the best of Singapore's classic hawker food, for the Marina Bay tourist.	statement	db
(If you don't know what ice kachang is, I highly recommend you try it anywhere but here.)	statement	db
Good starter pack of food choices of what outdoor foodcourts of Singaporeans have to offer.	statement	db
I was hoping to give a much higher rating, based on what I read in different travel guides.	statement	db
This review is basically for the Sweet Spot stall, and the fourth star is for them being open when I needed them (yes, it is possible to *need* dessert).	statement	db
I didn't know what else to say.	statement	db
The carrot cake was nice though... With so much food in Singapore, I don't see why this place has repeat business...	statement	db
There are places where you go just for the food or just for the atmosphere, or both.	statement	db
I understand why some people call it a tourist trap, and I totally get it.	statement	db
I'm a tourist and I probably don't know the differences.. WHO CARES!!	statement	db
While I applaud the effort to revive an old eating haunt, the way it's done and the food that is served here is far from what it used to be in the past.	statement	db
My mother, who used to dine at a couple of stalls in her youth, was absolutely disgusted by what she had.	statement	db
I'm not too sure why the low ratings from other reviewers, but I have to agree with most of them that the standard has dropped since its opening and the food there isn't that cheap too.	statement	db
I can drink two cups in one night when I'm really thirsty.	statement	db
It was well lit when we were there, and well-populated with locals so it can't be all bad!!	statement	db
It lives on hype and location, and I feel sad when I see tourists eating there...	statement	db
I wish I could make a big sign to tell them where else to go.	statement	db
The exception is when it's late at night and you're caught in town.	statement	db
This is where Gluttons Bay is ""not-bad"" for a group of friends to sit down and relieve their hunger pangs.	statement	db
There were lots of people when we get there, proving its popularity.	statement	db
I exceptionally love the rose drink (I forgot what it's called) and satay!	statement	db
Not sure what people would be expecting from the experience.	statement	db
Yes, it does get crowded, so get there when it opens.	statement	db
Although it was raining when the delivery arrived, the delivery was well within the stated time.	statement	db
Fruity Granola ($6.50) with vanilla bean infused greek yoghurt & fresh berries It smelt quite vanilla when I opened it.	statement	db
Fresh, natural, wholesome food from around the world where dishes have been inspired from travel around the world.	statement	db
I ordered a coconut and mecca bar which was wrapped up beautifully like a Birthday gift with brown string - I was excited to open it up and when I did, I was met with a beautiful green coloured bar.	statement	db
Typically we find ourselves here when we don't want to walk out in the blistering heat and humidity.	statement	db
The place came recommended by a friend of my colleague who is a chef.	statement	db
Lime's offerings are great for people who like to graze.	statement	db
If the natural sweetness of this delicacy is what you are hankering for, you may like to park yourself next to this station.	statement	db
One day we had lunch in the premises, and I was hoping it would be better when we got it fresh from the kitchen.	statement	db
My sister and her husband got the set menu (tomato orange sesame salad, crab bisque with tomato and broccoli, Mojito cleanser, ragu, espresso ice cream with cake) and they enjoyed that too but I think what I ordered was better but double the price...   2) Service: Amazing, so helpful and very knowledgable about the food.	statement	db
I would challenge to someone to pick something off the menu that wasn't below par excellence.... the set menu changes constantly, which is why I suspect regulars are happy to keep going back and being entertained.	statement	db
So what we had that night may not be the same as what we'll have the next time we order it.	statement	db
We got there right at the time of our reservation, we were asked to wait, and after some time we are told that because they have too many reservations they are giving us a table in their other restaurant next door (Masa) where we could order of of their menu.	statement	db
Ask yourself what do people at the bar usually do...	statement	db
But I can at least see why it costs so much.	statement	db
Definitely not a place you'd come every other month for people like me but if you enjoy your beef or wanna impress a chick who loves beef for her birthday or a special occasion...	statement	db
a pair of scissors magically appeared when they saw that we were struggling to cut them udon with fork and spoon.	statement	db
quick presentation of food upon ordering and quick clearing of empty plates as and when the moment presents itself.	statement	db
This is our go-to yakiniku joint when my wife and I have wagyu cravings.	statement	db
Me and my wife had a small room for ourselves where we tasted the best meat of our lives so far.	statement	db
Very tasty, well cooked scallops on a bed of spinach with what I think was confit garlic.	statement	db
My daughter who had the onion soup exclaimed that the bowl seemed bottomless, so you could imagine the portions of the servings.	statement	db
Personally, I felt that the escargots could do with a little bit more of the garlic butter, nonetheless, what I had was pleasant enough.	statement	db
The French butlers were attentive and non discriminatory, unlike others, who tend not to want to serve the Asians.	statement	db
But the food is okay and way too expensive for what it is.	statement	db
We had a bit of everything when we went to celebrate a friend's return from abroad, and while we liked it enough -- we certainly didn't dislike anything -- the hefty bill was a tad detached from the reality of what the food really was.	statement	db
Friend who also had the French onion soup and the salted Mediterranean cod with crushed potatoes and olive oil concurred with her choices as well.	statement	db
Decked out in ROMANTIC LED lightings and ostentatious hexagonal structures, the restaurant draws attention to its centerpiece, a funky and plush ""bed table"" where experience-seeking guests can jump into and enjoy the meal in full luxury.	statement	db
Kitchen service appeared to be under constraint when the tables are full but patience will most likely be duly rewarded.	statement	db
I believe this is where customers of the hotel come for breakfast.	statement	db
Now this is where things look different.	statement	db
Plating looks completely different from what the blogger had.	statement	db
Not sure what the alfafa sprouts do for the dish.	statement	db
It totally looks different from what the blogger had.	statement	db
All in all my bad for following a blogger who obviously got a free meal and most likely was bias and also got a better performance from the chef as they need the advertising mileage.	statement	db
The server said it could but when the dish arrived, everything was incorporated.	statement	db
Yes, though, after a few months when they change their menu.	statement	db
Since returning from the US, where Korean food is surprisingly popular and extremely spicy and usually authentic, I've dragged numerous friend-groups to fulfil my Korean cravings (esp as the bf does not like spicy foods, so he's a work-in-progress).	statement	db
We never felt rushed throughout that, unlike how I've been treated at other restaurants when I'm the first to arrive.	statement	db
The sashimi and sushi was great but I didn't know what else to order.	statement	db
My friend who works at Shenton Way raves about this place because it's ""cheap and good value"".	statement	db
After coming back from my medical mission trip in Yangon, back in May 2015, I was wondering where I could find Burmese food and I was told about this place through the Burmese people I came across and of course Yelp.	statement	db
My mother was asking me on where we should eat that day and she mentioned she wanted to get turntable from Peninsula Plaza.	statement	db
My mother insisted to park at Peninsula plaza itself so her co-worker did what was asked.	statement	db
I was browsing the menu and was pretty quick in deciding what to eat as some of the dishes were labeled by three signs (recommended, spicy and very spicy).	statement	db
Overall, even though my mother was kind of disappointed with what she ordered, I was happy with my choice of dish.	statement	db
Boyfriend who doesn't even normally like fished loved the flavour of the soup.	statement	db
If you're not familiar with Burmese food, think of it as a cross between Chinese, Thai and Indian... when you eat the food, you'll understand why :) The hot milk tea is also very good!	statement	db
;)  One last point: I'm no expert on Burmese food, but when we were there most of the tables around us were Burmese customers, so this place should be pretty authentic.	statement	db
I can't quite give you a course by course breakdown of what I had since each dish was so artfully created with flavors influenced from so many different cultures.	statement	db
Even if I could describe what the courses were, they wouldn't do it justice since it is just so abstract.	statement	db
With an open concept kitchen (even with a dedicated space where they prepare the dessert), the restaurant is well designed and make one feels intimate; like they are dining with the chefs.	statement	db
To be honest, I am those who usually skipped on the bread basket, but I was seen asking for more this time.	statement	db
At that moment when I took my first bite of it, I knew my taste buds were in for a treat (and so is my tummy) for the night.	statement	db
Lastly, the staffs who worked there were friendly and helpful; making sure that everything is in order.	statement	db
The open kitchen concept is good, I guess, but it loses a lot when half the seats have no view of the kitchen, instead being treated to the view of a brick wall.	statement	db
So when the dishes are pasta, risotto, hamachi on rice well ...	statement	db
I can't imagine why I would go back given the options in town.	statement	db
do not disturb them when they sleep).	statement	db
Every customer who booked for a certain time period will be given a rule book to be read and they can also order some food or drinks from the cafe section.	statement	db
On three occasions I went there with hubby and on the last visit I took my friend (Nevertity) who was really scared of cats.	statement	db
The whole experience was very relaxing and I will definitely go back for another visit when I travel to Singapore.	statement	db
They had 13 cats when we visited and the menu has a small profile on each of the cats so you can 'get to know them'.	statement	db
It was quiet when we arrived and mostly everyone was sleeping, but the cats were extremely friendly.	statement	db
I don't know about you, but they don't have cat cafes where I come from.	statement	db
I only stayed an hour, but I was surprised at the amount of people who came in around 9 PM (especially since they close at 10 PM.)	statement	db
The space where all the cats stay is very clean.	statement	db
You'd figure that to be case when an entire lobster (500grams) is stuffed into the roll.	statement	db
So when the option of The Naked Finn failed me for dinner (they only serve the rolls during lunch), i headed to Loh Lik Peng's The Market Grill.	statement	db
Gf ordered the Crispy Pig Ear ($18) behind my back when the Buttermilk frog legs were not available.	statement	db
I mean who doesn't know that the fries hold almost an equal weight as the lobster!	statement	db
I dont see how or when a burger costs $25 or more unless it is made with Angel tears.	statement	db
Two of us sat at the bar area where you can watch the chefs prepare the food.	statement	db
The mains are quite pricey for what it is.	statement	db
This is when the place really showed its true colors.	statement	db
The chef never approached me to ask what was wrong.	statement	db
They didn't end up charging me for it and the waitress apologized and asked me what was wrong with it - to which I explained the situation.	statement	db
There were 3 women serving probably 50 diners at any time, which explains why when I asked for water twice, it came almost 25 minutes after I sat down.	statement	db
If the folks who own this place wanted me to drink more beer, it would've worked if my pear cider didn't cost $18 and Jigger/Flying Squirrel wasn't around the corner.	statement	db
I'm not sure why the previous poster said this place is pricey, I eat here 2X a week because it's downstairs from my office, and for the quality  of what you get I think it's a deal.	statement	db
Freaking love it especially since it suits the days where I decide to eat healthy.	statement	db
Perfect for those who don't like their chicken too stinging.	statement	db
Very easy to understand why this remains one of the most popular hipster mexican joints in SG.	statement	db
I've visited countless taquerias in the state of California and I know what I'm talking about.	statement	db
This just hits value for money on the cocktails but on the food, I am not so sure and it is a little pricey for what you are being served.	statement	db
Yes, the tacos aren't bad but at $11 for one when I'm used to $1 (excuse me, with the exchange rate S$1.25) my heart hurts.	statement	db
Elotes (Mexican street style corn on the cob) is one of my favorite foods, so when I heard that Lucha Loco had a version, I dragged my friends out for a sampling...	statement	db
In fact, our server asked us about how the food was, and what we thought about the taco (quality, price, etc).	statement	db
I found the taste of the salsa somewhat curious.. couldn't identify what was in it that gave a certain taste.	statement	db
I'm like.. we're done eating (and have been, for a while), why are you giving me more food.. O.o Thankfully they got us the right bill in the end.	statement	db
I really can't figure out why most of the reviews are so mediocre.	statement	db
random comment - it was weirdly expat dominated to the point where I think we were the only table of locals.	statement	db
Maybe one day when I am around the neighborhood and craving corn I'll pop by for a taste.	statement	db
If you are coming here for a full meal, I recommend that you order the main meal that are larger in portions as prices adds up when you order those small-sized appetizers.	statement	db
Plus, the cocktails here are not to be missed for those who loves drinking.	statement	db
You will only get that nice surprise when the bill comes.	statement	db
Nothing to complain about but certainly not prompt or on the ball when it comes to asking if we wanted anything more.	statement	db
There wasn't a single item that we ordered where we thought - gee this is really worthwhile.	statement	db
I could certainly enjoy a much better night out just about anywhere else for what I paid, especially in the Duxton Hill neighborhood.	statement	db
I'm doubly sad that this is what replaced The Toucan.	statement	db
But when you're in the mood for some delicious mexican fish tacos and crisp cabbage slaw, this is the answer.	statement	db
Some of the waitresses were running around in a panic, and weren't that attentive when spoken too.	statement	db
I think the owner and management has put a lot of thought, energy and love into this place, and the prices are in line with where I see his vision.	statement	db
You walk into a bar after work with this *gawsh I need a drink & some super unhealthy flash fried junk* look and proceed to order whatevers on tap and at happy hour prices (because you don't want to spend money on what is essentially becoming water after a hard day's work, literal and metaphorical pun intended) and then something to fill the stomach.	statement	db
But for what it's worth... if you're not picking up the tab, you'll have a pretty good time.	statement	db
Expensive so-so drinks but great ambiance at Duxton Hill though - sit outside on a cool night where you can enjoy good weather and people watch.	statement	db
Makes me feel so special (I guess that's probably why the servers could pay more attention to us).	statement	db
Service was so-so, we had a waiter who was on his third day.	statement	db
We decided to sit at the alfresco section where we had a barrel for a tabletop and high stools for our bums.	statement	db
His cheeriness and animated body language never goes into hiding, even when this pixyish chap dropped a pan on the kitchen floor.	statement	db
Or Luke should consider giving diners an option to up-size the dish...aw..   Luke, who loves liquorice has been making this signature dessert for 17 years, which is served in all his Salt restaurant globally.	statement	db
Although it is the most recognized dish every where in the Salt restaurant, I wonder if I still did a bad thing by introducing it to my girls.	statement	db
I did not know Salt Tapas & Bar is under Luke Mangan of Salt Grill & Sky Bar when we went there for some drinks and bar bites.	statement	db
It was after 830 pm when we got there and snagged a table outside.	statement	db
Good when you managed to get hold of someone, bad because had to wait a while before someone noticed you are ready to order.	statement	db
If you have any sort of expectations when it comes to tapas then I beg you, go elsewhere.	statement	db
I had to stare down the woman at the bar every single time I had a request to the point where I felt like a predator, and it took three attempts with three other people to get the bill.	statement	db
Luke Mangan must have a laugh at what he's done, because this was the most poorly executed, least thought-out tapas menu I've ever encountered.	statement	db
They do have happy hours where drinks and food are quite cheap so go visit	statement	db
The Spanish tapas wave has hit Singapore for some time and Australian Chef Luke Magan, who opened Salt at Ion Orchard, launched his Salt tapas & bar to give his Australian take on Spanish cuisine.	statement	db
The place is headed not by him but by his executive chef Tom Wells, who will still most likely be the one in charge of your food as he was seen around the restaurant that evening.	statement	db
Quantity small but at least you are assured that what goes into your mouth and stomach is good quality food.	statement	db
So, when I read about Luke Mangan opening a tapas restaurant in Singapore, it was immediately added to my restaurant wish list.	statement	db
This evening, I dine with Ms S, Ms N, Mr D and Miss L.  We order a variety of dishes to share:  Roasted garlic flat bread, romesco * Chorizo with sofrito * Heirloom tomato salad with feta, black olives & cabernet sauvignon dressing * Arancini of wild mushroom & leek with Taleggio, green goddess dressing * Wagyu sausuage, soft polenta, capers and tomato * Sumac spiced veal & pork meatballs, Fontina mash * Confit pork belly, shoulder, sweet potato puree, sauce vierge * Seared Tasmanian trout, clams, jamon, Serrano,  Israeli couscous, cucumber sherry   I loved Salt Tapas & Bar and it should definitely be on your list when you next visit Singapore.	statement	db
Service was fantastic, our waiter recommend many items to us and justified why we should try them.	statement	db
He obviously knew his stuff, and you could tell he had eaten and loved what he was recommending.	statement	db
Cured kingfish with feta and ginger is one of Luke's signatures and one of those items I automatically order when Im in one of his restaurant.	statement	db
Desserts where great, egg tart with rhubarb sorbet!!	statement	db
G also really liked the wings and we managed to snag a few pieces of this awesome beef dish they were handing out ... not too sure what it was though.	statement	db
I will definitely be coming back when returning to Singapore!	statement	db
As I stood in the queue, waiting and going through the menu, I realized the biggest issue with Muchachos, at a first glance, is that if you're not familiar with Mexican food, you would have no idea what to order.	statement	db
And this is where Muchachos steps in!	statement	db
And I have high standards when it comes to latin/tex mex food.	statement	db
Best place to go when you're having chipotle withdraws!	statement	db
The chips and guacamole are pretty good, and the 50 cent wings on Wednesday are what motivates my colleagues to take a short bus ride here for lunch.	statement	db
On one side there's a list of the restaurants special burritos but it doesn't list what the ingredients are.	statement	db
This is where it can be time consuming and start to irritate the rest of the folks in line if you want to know.	statement	db
Again, this isn't like an assembly line so you're not told what goes inside your burrito unless you ask.	statement	db
Maybe before you order, walk past the cashier to the window where the food is made to see the ingredients so that you're prepared.	statement	db
I'm not quite sure why they've changed the menu.	statement	db
I'm not quite sure why they've so many new staff.	statement	db
(And stuff I guess)  I'm not even quite sure why the food just didn't seem as good as I remembered.	statement	db
I guess I was expecting more on the menu but when the choices were limited to just burrito, burrito bowl, quesadilla and buffalo wings, it kinda deflated my enthusiasm.	statement	db
I wait my turn, get to the register, only to be cut off by a Caucasian male who wanted a side of guac.	statement	db
For example fajitas for those who don't want a heavy meal.	statement	db
As with every other person who has reviewed the place, i also experienced whole calendar days happening between the time i entered the production line, and when i left.	statement	db
I asked the ""chef"" what made it a mission-style burrito and he said, ""the tin foil"".	statement	db
I mean it definitely isn't the best burrito I've ever had but it'll do since my Mexican food standards in S'pore (that's what the cool people who live hear call it) are pretty low.	statement	db
The person making my burrito seemed as clueless as I as to what to put inside.	statement	db
In San Francisco, where Muchachos claims to get it's inspiration, you can easily get a better tasting burrito for 1/4th the price.	statement	db
For example, when I tried to order a California burrito, I was told that it couldn't be made vegetarian.	statement	db
And the water jug - where you literally scoop water with a ladle into a tiny paper cup - is ridiculous.	statement	db
Muchachos is a symbol of what happens when you mess with a good thing.	statement	db
No more seat outside also when I went there.	statement	db
I go to university in the states where I'm inundated by the various options of Mexican food.	statement	db
On the one hand it's kinda cool, like a localized burrito, on the other hand, it's not what I thought I was going to buy for lunch.	statement	db
the menu would also benefit from labeling the steps to its ordering process, since it could get slightly confusing when there's no line to follow.	statement	db
granted i'm not too familiar with sf's ""mission-style burritos"", i've lived in nyc long enough to know what to expect.	statement	db
The place looks really nice and inviting from the outside and the staff were also very friendly when we entered.	statement	db
They have a nice and interesting cocktail menu where i found a lot of cocktails i wanted to try.	statement	db
That is not saying it was bad but when I pay well above 20++ SGD per cocktail I expect a very good level.	statement	db
Overall, there were about 7 cats when I visited but at least 3 were sleeping basically the entire time.	statement	db
To be honest, it's not the fault of the management per se as to why I felt that this was a 3 star experience.	statement	db
Here's why:   First of all, half the cats were asleep when I came (Saturday afternoon), but I know cats sleep for over 14 hours a day, I have cats.	statement	db
This really soured the experience for me and this is why I left a bit early.	statement	db
Here you get the traditional old school style of what eatery looks like in the 1980s or maybe even earlier.	statement	db
I passed on the sushi when the fish didn't look too fresh.	statement	db
Izakaya Tomo serves Japanese cuisine, and I'd say that you will have to try their grilled food items when you get here.	statement	db
I asked what that was for and was told it was my birthday dessert!	statement	db
Ok I didn't eat here as my colleague wasn't too hungry and while we went out of our way to make it here for the view we weren't made aware when we made the reservation that the minimum spend was (I maybe on the low side here) $S100.	statement	db
Had the pleasure of dining here when in Singapore last month.	statement	db
I'm cool to spend money when deserved...and this ain't it.	statement	db
By this time, you're thinking, why come to sky on 57 to have street food you could get for $5 down the street.	statement	db
The issue started when we were seated.	statement	db
The meal started with a mesclun salad to die for - I don't know what was in it, but it was really good.	statement	db
I went to Sky 57 on a Thursday night for my pre-birthday dinner and when we were seated, we saw the chef get up and make his rounds by our table....but stopped right before our group of 5.	statement	db
Lobster and foie gras paired perfectly with dense meatiness of mushrooms -JQ's Signature Roasted Crackling Suckling Pig with Yuzu pepper sauce had thin and crispy skins but what I didnt like was the underlying thick layer of fat that made the pork too rich to consume.	statement	db
Over-rated, mediocre food that survives mainly because of its chef's undeserved reputation as a Singaporean who achieves success in Taiwan.	statement	db
Finally for dessert, I had a really remarkable dessert made of thinly sliced pineapple with what tasted like lime jelly and a scoop of coconut ice cream.	statement	db
The restaurant is clearly aimed at business folks, ladies who lunch and patrons of the casino, so do expect to spend like you're on vacation.	statement	db
A must visit place when in Singapore.	statement	db
Didn't even realise this has existed for months until I stumbled upon it when walking around Marina Square.	statement	db
Last but not least they do have a meat aging facility where the cured meats are hung in a huge glass display which is not common around here.	statement	db
don't be alarmed when the small curtain by the side of your table gets lifted up, the food is delivered through the little window there.	statement	db
I ordered the wagyu beef gyoza, and when paired with spicy mustard and soy sauce, it turned out to be a great combination.	statement	db
Although only 3 -4 tables were occupied when the restaurant opened for the dinner service, the staff could not accept any more walk in customers as most tables were under reservations.	statement	db
As most tables were under reservations, we were showed to a table by the entrance, which was a bit annoying as most people who walked past inclined to take a peek at what we were eating.	statement	db
Although iced water was served, it was not refilled, even when it was empty.	statement	db
Chicken Cheese Arabiki Sausages ($8) Smoky chicken cheese arabiki sausages with sambal mayo Beware of the hot burst of cheese when you bite.	statement	db
If you're a glutton like me, who always wanted to try a little bit of everything, then ""pimp your breakfast"" might be your jam.	statement	db
Tasted like the watered down juice you sometimes get when they run out of Welch's grape juice on Communion Sunday.	statement	db
They are located at a corner of the intersection of Bukit Pasoh and Neil Road where you can find Goethe Institue nearby.	statement	db
Cauliflower 3 ways - $13  Another starter we had was great and perhaps suitable for those who want a lighter meal instead.	statement	db
I've been several times and seen Chef Farr there many times so it's nice to have a place where the original chef owner is actually on the floor and in the kitchen regularly.	statement	db
However we are showed to a narrow table where both of us have to sit side by side over looking the main dining room.	statement	db
No matter what I said she still stands still.	statement	db
As we had made reservations, we were seated where the nice cushion seats were.	statement	db
Now comes the sticky date pudding, the divine one that we all three swore we will be back when we need a pick-me-up.	statement	db
I do like that you could pimp your breakfast (choose what you want) and you are not face with the same generic choices in so many cafes now.	statement	db
Just unfortunate those who had the sandwiches, burgers or breakfast selection did not enjoyed it.	statement	db
I did try some of what the others ordered and they were ok, just not mindblown.	statement	db
I may visit the place again as it does have a nice vibe and may be a good place to chill when it is less busy.	statement	db
The beans are from Sarnies and they have their barista consultant, affectionately known as the K Man, who is overseeing the coffee making for now.	statement	db
I was looking forward to the Banana bread with Hokey Pokey ice cream ($12) but was sorely disappointed when I bit into the soggy bread cloyingly soaked by the citrusy syrup.	statement	db
We wondered where the ice cream went to as well (i swear i didn't take forever to grab a shot).	statement	db
They had some really amazing smoked salmon, but their avocados did not seem fresh what so ever.	statement	db
They also didn't have hotdogs, what kind of place doesn't have hotdogs	statement	db
Also when you're stuffed, walk about the lobby of the Ritz and admire the whimsical glass creations from Chihuly.	statement	db
Obviously, these oysters are air flown from where ever they are located in the world, so don't expect absolute freshness.	statement	db
No where in Singapore can eat 3 whole lobsters and a dozen oysters in one sitting and not break the bank.	statement	db
Considering the ambiance and price, this is a great place to go for special occasions with the family, or celebrating a milestone birthday or job promotion with friends who are picky!	statement	db
oh, what a night!	statement	db
wow, what a spread!	statement	db
and when you had enough of those aphrodisiacal oysters, exploring colony will lead you to greater pleasures!	statement	db
In fact, decor is a key draw here.I was instantly attracted to the eclectic settings when I stepped in.	statement	db
In line with the concept of the restaurant, there is some local twist to what would otherwise be a strictly English tea.	statement	db
The golden raisins and plan scones, baked in-house, was served with scented Kaya jam, clotted cream and lemon curd, which somehow reminds me of a delicious Kaya toast when I put everything into my mouth.	statement	db
And when it comes to tea, it's serious business here.	statement	db
I recently stopped by when my friends brought me here.	statement	db
Most patrons have met Bill, the young, friendly owner who takes care to greet his customers and ensures their experiences are enjoyable.	statement	db
What I Love: What I ordered, the Duck Wasabi Salad, was to die for.	statement	db
It's hard to get really good salad, especially when it's Duck.	statement	db
The room is dark, loud music plays (too loud), and a TV is displaying some old French food related shows from a time when countryside food still existed (think Aile ou la Cuisse).	statement	db
The chocolate ice cream was particularly creamy and not very cocoa rich, which was too much when faced with a bowl of hazelnut cream - it was left behind.	statement	db
As a French national who has eaten many a souffle, be it cheese, raspberry or Grand Marnier, I did not recognize that bowl as belonging to that family.	statement	db
I gave it a second go because of the onglet the first time, but I will stick with Bistro du Vin from now on, where execution is exactly the same every time, as befits a French kitchen.	statement	db
it borders on unforgivable when an proprietor places their own ego before the desires of their customer)	statement	db
Although sitting by the road, near a cow grass patch wasn't exactly the ambiance I had in mind when dining at a French restaurant...	statement	db
It didn't help that we were seated outside in the dark with nothing more than a candlelight to help us see what we were bitting into.	statement	db
The first time I tried Le Bistrot Du Sommelier, it was a few years back when it was still in its old location.	statement	db
I went to this restaurant for the first time for lunch on  a Friday and was very pleasantly surprised, The service was good as the hostess was very knowledgeable, who made good recommendations and was efficient.	statement	db
All five of us had to use our phones to see the menu and then to get a good look at what we were eating.	statement	db
It was clear that the waiter was experienced, but I always see trouble looming when they don't write down or repeat the orders back.	statement	db
The solution came at the end of the meal when the waiter delivered the correct entree in a take home bag.	statement	db
If you're visiting Singapore, make a trip here-- no matter what part of the city you're staying in.	statement	db
It may be good enough for locals, but as an Asian who was born and raised abroad, I personally don't like it, but give it one try, as I did, and decide for yourself.	statement	db
Haven't posted a review in a very long time but when you find a gem, something moves you to leave a remark.	statement	db
The set lunch I ordered was definitely above what I expected!	statement	db
I wonder why it wasn't IN my dish!	statement	db
Service - this is where Napoleon Food & Wine Bar fell a little flat.	statement	db
Special thanks to the cabbie who dropped this knowledge on me and my colleague as we took a cab from the office to Napoleon!	statement	db
I ordered their carbonara, which was amazing (and in hindsight, I'm now realizing why I don't fit into my jeans anymore.)	statement	db
Although I can't remember what everyone else ordered, I do remember them being satisfied with it.	statement	db
We had no idea what to expect, but loved the fact that we could sample so many different wines to our hearts' desires.	statement	db
The mixologist was eager to make drinks that each person was happy with and he used fresh fruit where possible.	statement	db
I guess that's fair considering it's a small, new business but really guys when I bring a party I bring it.	statement	db
The man taking our orders was pleasant enough, but the lady who delivered our burgers just plonked them on the table with nary a word or explanation of which was which until we asked her.	statement	db
You can upsize to parmesan truffle fries for $2, which is what I always do.	statement	db
Price is always reasonable when we pay up.	statement	db
I'm reluctant to post a review, since this is my Singapore hideout where I can let my hair down, be myself, and always have a seat at.	statement	db
I love the easy vibe of the place; a bar where you'll find unpretentious creative-minded frequenters: chefs, filmmakers, directors, writers, YouTubers, musicians...	statement	db
The selection of craft beers and ciders I personally feel is what makes the place.	statement	db
In fact, this was the place where I had my introduction to Craft Beer.	statement	db
Right atop People's Park Complex - where your mum would shop for tour packages at a travel agency, do cheap manicure, or change money.	statement	db
The pricing is also out of Japan so expect fully priced Japanese food but you also get what you pay for in good quality whole fish served up in multiple ways.	statement	db
Each fish is about $80 and up.... in my opinion not unreasonable when compared with eating live fish from a good Chinese restaurant.	statement	db
She liked it as well and ordered it again later again when we went there.	statement	db
Probably not, my friend, which is exactly why I frown upon fine dining Singaporean food.	statement	db
I do also remember it being the most expensive suckling pig (read: small portions) when it was served.	statement	db
I would say three stars for my personal preference, but it could be a five star restaurant for others who loves southeast asian fusion fare.	statement	db
I'd even go so far to say that the breakfast we had here was ""value for money"", relative to what you could get inside Marina Bay Sands.	statement	db
I'm not sure what kind of bread they used, but it was good enough to hold everything without getting soggy, and it was quite filling.	statement	db
Like what other Yelpers had commented the food was al-right.	statement	db
It was pretty hazy when I went there so I could not really see the light reflecting on the clear waters.	statement	db
That might be a reason of why I couldn't consume it after a few rounds.	statement	db
I got burned sitting outside, under the shade, when the sun was setting at around 5+pm.	statement	db
It is a long way down there, but it saves a trek into the Marina Bay Sands building when you need to go.	statement	db
You never want a restaurant where you have to track down staff to get a drink.	statement	db
smaller than what long john silver would give you.	statement	db
*score*  not e top of my to-go-eat list when im at MBS for sure.	statement	db
As I was paying with AMEX credit card with FAR card benefits, there was a 50% discount when dining for 2 persons.	statement	db
Because who knows how long you're meant for this world.	statement	db
I'm salivating now even thinking of it... Bill was discounted by a third (33% discount when three dine in).	statement	db
2 - Waitress (different staff) tried to take a plate away when there was clearly food still on it.	statement	db
A simple pink neon pigeon sign in the window shows you that this place is where it is at.	statement	db
Indeed, this is one of the reasons (and probably the main reason) why I tend to frequent Humpback and other restaurants in the area more often than Neon Pigeon.	statement	db
Although it was only open for a week when I visited, it was packed!	statement	db
We've heard of Chóng Wén Gé for a while now but never had the chance to try them due to our packed schedule and their opening hours so while when we found out that they were open in National Day, we had to go give it a try.	statement	db
First glance, we did feel that they were a little on the pricy side for such a small cafe but when the dishes came, the portion size and ingredients showed us why they were on the pricy side.	statement	db
After making payment for order, one would be given a pagar which would light up when the food is ready for collection.	statement	db
The little ball burst out liquid gula melaka easily when bite into it.	statement	db
Rempah Ayam Savoury glutinous rice roll with chicken floss paste Interestingly the chicken paste was on top of the rice roll, instead being wrapped inside as what was commonly found.	statement	db
Timbre has a nice outdoor ambience where you can let your hair down and enjoy the band, beer and food.	statement	db
I thrive on atmosphere where everyone joins in with the band and sings.	statement	db
However, food and service is what it can be proud of.	statement	db
Depending on what matters to you but Timbre is a once-in-a-while place for me but would never replace my home pub.	statement	db
There's always a line on weekends (including Fridays) so buffer at least 20-30 mins waiting in line if you don't have a reservation, or on nights when they don't take reservations.	statement	db
Different bands play every night - so do check out the Timbre website to check out when your favourite band is playing, and what time they start.	statement	db
This place is lovely to unwind after the hustle bustle of school (for those who are studying at SMU) or for those who would like some good acoustic music to chill to.	statement	db
I really crave this on some days as it has the right amount of sweet sauce, duck, crispy crackers (not really sure what they call it - but it sure is tasty and crackle sin your mouth) and all served on a thinly crusted pizza.	statement	db
This is the first Timbre I went to back when I was still a teenager, and it's still my favourite Timbre!	statement	db
We sat down and were promptly served by one of the staff who asked us what we would like to drink.	statement	db
The slices were nice and thick for $20, slightly more than what I would usually pay for a Don at the usual Japanese chains like Sushi Tei, but there was definitely no compromise on quality!	statement	db
They did not compromise on the quality and portion though, which I think is really important when it comes to sashimi.	statement	db
As the saying goes, you know its authentic Japanese food when you see Japanese people eating there, which is what we saw.	statement	db
Chef Peter, the grumpy chef who first started Wasabi Tei at Far East Plaza, helms the restaurant at Mohamed Sultan.	statement	db
They also have a sauce station where you can customized your own dipping sauce for the steamboat.	statement	db
Apparently they use a completely different beef for it, which could be why it's higher priced.	statement	db
I'm not a burger person which is why I was impressed by the chicken burger here.	statement	db
The Wolf was my first try and what made me fall in love with first bite.	statement	db
The salted egg mayo and homemade slaw makes all the difference and what puts it above other chicken type burgers I've had from other joints.	statement	db
The meat is just perfect and the truffle hits you like a truck when you take the first bite.	statement	db
We were just seated when we were told it is last orders.	statement	db
The service was also in general slow,  20 minutes wait for a beer when the place is virtually empty isn't ok. Staff were also mostly interested in talking on the phone or with each other.	statement	db
The prices per glass are however cheaper than buying a bottle (they claim 5 glasses per bottle and the price for a bottle is 6.9 times the glass price -  waitress just stared at me and left when I pointed out it was cheaper to buy per glass.	statement	db
The burrata they used was what won me over.	statement	db
We made a reservation for two at 7pm inside, and were seated at the far end of the table where one seat wasn't really a seat but never mind.	statement	db
Like what Mark D. said, absolutely wonderful.	statement	db
We were not sure on what to expect when we read frozen foie gras.	statement	db
But when it was served, I knew it was exactly like the shaven foie gras pâté dish that I had in David Chang's momofuku ko restaurant where he served it up like a bowl of savory ice-cream.	statement	db
It was a blessing in disguise that Burnt Ends was full till 9.30pm, which is why we ended up here.	statement	db
I am not sure why they went with tractor seats for the bar stools.	statement	db
Foodwise, it was acceptable to me to experiment with the new creations but not for The Folks who commented that they had no idea what they were eating that night.	statement	db
Esquina is a haute tapas boutique where patrons perch precariously on weirdly shaped metal stools that will seriously damage some nuts.	statement	db
4.5cm tall balls filled with creamy bechamel and chunks of what is possibly iberico ham (i expect no less) left us wanting for more.	statement	db
The jambon croquetas were good for what they were, fried cheese balls with ham, but even that was a tad too salty.	statement	db
Definitely a great meal, but for tapas, pricey to the point that it's not worth spending what you will.	statement	db
I love tapas bars so when I heard Jason Atherton had opened one in Singapore, I quickly rounded up a couple of friends to check it out.	statement	db
Even more so when there isn't a service charge levied.	statement	db
Chinatown in Singapore is not exactly where you'd expect to find a top notch Spanish restaurant.	statement	db
But that's exactly where you'll find Esquina Tapas Bar.	statement	db
Mr M, who requested to be referred to as 'The Stuntman' in this post (ok, I'll indulge him) and I dine on a Tuesday evening, and it's packed with a cool vibe.	statement	db
This is an underground foodie den and well worth adding to your dining itinerary when you're next travelling through Singapore.	statement	db
Imagine your street cred when you whip out this gem.	statement	db
After waiting at our table outside the restaurant for approximately 30 minutes, we decided to check on our orders with the waitress/hostess who took them.	statement	db
I'm not saying that you will NEVER taste any better, for what I have to pay for them, I'd say dish them out every dinner!	statement	db
If the leg of ham doesn't instill any faith in how serious they are, I don't know what will.	statement	db
Food is ordered from various vendors and they give you a pager to summon you back when your item is ready.	statement	db
They managed to squeeze In a drinks bar and fruit juice to cater for those who want a healthier option.	statement	db
this is where i go to (when i can) everytime im back in town-  good food, good service.	statement	db
they will then prompt you with what you would like to do with the remaining duck meat.	statement	db
Would definitely go here again when I crave Japanese food.	statement	db
Yes, I had those questions in mind too but when I had a bite of the Kyoto Beef, I nearly wanted to flip the tables.	statement	db
For someone who cant take food that's too spicy, this was perfect for me (but for lovers of chilli, you might need to get them to increase the dosage!).	statement	db
They do get busy, so expect to wait for 20 minutes or so, and when coming with a bigger group, definitely make a reservation beforehand.	statement	db
The first time i try tampopo is when my mum takeway unagi sushi for me.	statement	db
I immediately asked her where she bought it from and that was the time when i first introduced to Tampopo.	statement	db
Waaay better than what I've had at Tonkichi.	statement	db
Reason being my reluctance at what I assumed was another company jumping on to the Ramen bandwagon.	statement	db
My first experience was to try their signature black pig shabu ramen and I must say I was very satisfied with what I had.	statement	db
It was authentic and very similar to the ramen I had when I was in Japan and the paper thin black pig pork belly slices simply melts in my mouth.	statement	db
I gave the sushis and bentos a go when I returned for my subsequent visits and realized that for the price you're paying, which isn't a lot, you get to enjoy decently authentic Japanese food, and that's why I will keep going back for more.	statement	db
The waitress refused me water when I requested for some upon seating by pointing at some house rules flyer they've put up.	statement	db
We were waiting on 2 friends who were at Bugis + which is about a 5 minute walk away from this place.	statement	db
I was extremely thirsty from all the walking & where I come from we don't even turn away our enemies when they ask for a sip of water.	statement	db
When she came to take the order, she started giggling when my friend started asking her questions about the food & the restaurant's specialty dish.	statement	db
I tend to enjoy my food more when I'm positively disposed & where the service is keen, attentive, efficient or at least pleased to attend to a paying customer!	statement	db
I am a firm believer in service quality especially when it comes to food which everyone is rather emotional about.	statement	db
Disrespecting your customer to the callous point where they want to walk away from your establishment & being brash with your clientele can make its way into poor food hygiene practices.	statement	db
Having been to Thailand many time, I must say this is comparable to what you would find there and it's not too far from where I work.	statement	db
I will miss this place and it will be one of the first places I stop when I return to Singapore!	statement	db
I remember that the pandan leaf chicken was very tasty and I thought the Pad Thai was of decent standard - better than what you get in the US but not up to the standard of what I've had in Thailand.	statement	db
I will add my praises to the other Yelpers who have reviewed here and thank them for helping me find this gem.	statement	db
But I prefer richer and heavier cakes that make you sick when you eat too much of them.	statement	db
I would liken the experience to what eating dry ice would be.	statement	db
Flor Patisserie is a little bit of a trek for those who don't know the area well.	statement	db
Rather heavy, almost bitter, not for those who usually stick to sweet treats.	statement	db
Just when the three of us thought that we'd had enough cake for the day, a tray of Strawberry Soufflé ($6.60) magically appeared on the only-occupied shelf in the display cabinet when it wasn't there before, threatening to become dessert for our dessert!	statement	db
I would like to tell you how the food tasted, but I was turned away at 8:23 pm tonight when the staff told me ""only take-away.	statement	db
Unlike Glace where it has only has a storefront, Flor has some limited dine-in space for customers.	statement	db
Opened by Chef Yamashita, who is Japanese, it is a French-Japanese cake shop that has the most delicate and exquisite cakes.	statement	db
Led by Chef Yamashita who learnt his baking tricks from Japan, you can be sure to find some authentically Japanese pastries in this little cafe along the swanky Tanjong Pagar area.	statement	db
I'm not much of a chestnut fan so when I first discovered that there was a chestnut in the heart of this, I pretty much passed on the idea.	statement	db
But my friend, who introduced the place to me, kept raving about it and described how she would savour this (nibbling on it for hours apparently), I thought I'd give it a go and if i didn't like it, my late-mother was a fan of chestnuts so she could have it.	statement	db
I remember the days when I had to go all the way to LA (I lived in SF) to satisfy my DTF craving.. (Yes, I'd do pretty much anything for good food).	statement	db
To be honest when I first moved to Singapore and visited their orchard branch I was a little bit disappointed, because I thought the xiao long baos were dry; I wasn't sure if DTF was losing its magic or I just caught the dumpling masters on a bad day.	statement	db
The rich broth, tender skin, and flavorful pork, all danced in harmony in my mouth and reminded me why I fell in love with DTF in the first place.	statement	db
Wondering why there are still so long queues outside DTF at every outlet.	statement	db
The dumplings are a must (angels wept when I pinched one of my xiaolongbao too hard, allowing some of the broth to spill), but we weren't served a single thing that wasn't really good.	statement	db
A nice side dish when you need a non-spicy carbohydrate.	statement	db
Quite different from what one expect of a Japanese restaurant.	statement	db
Wondered why only restaurant not packed with waiting lines on Sunday evening- now I know.	statement	db
Then considered rolls - while discussing with my colleague the various options instead of offering assistance he again abruptly told us that when we decided he would be back.	statement	db
I was really excited when I heard about Bay Sushi opening at MBS because I've been dying to find places with California-style fusion sushi rolls.	statement	db
I've eaten at some really good traditional and modern sushi places in SoCal, New York and Florida so that's the bar I'm setting and probably why this may be a little cruel for a restaurant trying to meet a void in the Japanese restaurant scene here.	statement	db
To be succinct, it was like my neighbor , who lives down the street and has a 2 storey wall to ceiling glass facade and a gigantum chandelier he turns on at night to illuminate the 4 obiang sports cars in his driveway, exploded in this room.	statement	db
This just really wasn't what I was looking for and what I think the restaurant was aiming for with it's menu.	statement	db
The sushi bar is hidden behind the bar area, that's what this review is based on.	statement	db
Not sure why it is called tiramasu too since it was nothing like tiramasu.	statement	db
My friend who loves it there brought me there and ordered everything which she thought was good, for me.	statement	db
Insanely and unjustifiably expensive sushi restaurant clearly intended for those who are either on a business expense account or have won big at the tables at the Marina Bay Sands casino.	statement	db
The restaurant is what I would call an upscale Japanese ""food court"" for gamblers because you get decent food just outside the casino and you don't have to dress up or sit through an entire degustation.	statement	db
However, even if Hide is a food court on crack, it has to deliver some value and this is where things get spotty.	statement	db
It was overwhelming to the point where I, eater of lots of spicy things, had to stop at my third piece in the middle of a business lunch, to ask the waitress to take my sushi back and have it re-done.	statement	db
I realized that the chef didn't know I was a lady (which depending on who you ask, would mean smaller pieces of sushi - I actually like this policy when it comes to kuruma or ebi sushi) or my taste preferences because the waiters didn't ask.	statement	db
They couldn't even recall who ordered what and we could hear them repeatedly asking each other who ordered the sakura vs muro sets.	statement	db
It sounds nitpicky but I have eaten at traditional sushi restaurants for work where my table isn't at or near the counter and the waiters bent over backwards to make sure our reactions to the food were conveyed to the chef.	statement	db
It also makes sense when you're trying to serve without disrupting a conversation.	statement	db
3 of us had sushi and we all found the rice a little hard and under-vinegared (I know there's no such word but you get what I mean).	statement	db
The seafood itself was fresh - I liked the uni and what looked and tasted like hokkigai - but it was let down by the rice and overly mild soy sauces brushed on.	statement	db
It was quite confusing when you consider  the wasabi overload, which on the second attempt, was a lot more palatable.	statement	db
There is only one section where people can sit at full tables instead of counters and the whole area was lined with air con vents blasting air that could ice an igloo.	statement	db
Finally the food, depending on what you order, can be excellent or meh.	statement	db
Good food, but you need to know where to aim your dollars at, unless you're one of the big rollers at the casino below.	statement	db
Although reasonably fresh from Tsukiji, I wasn't wowed by the price for what you get.	statement	db
HIde Yamamoto is a great place to go for Japanese food when you find yourself in Marina Bay Sands and don't feel like breaking the bank at Waku Ghin but yet would like a bit more privacy than Bay Sushi or Todai.	statement	db
If and when you do go, make sure sure you try the truffle and uni chawanmushi.	statement	db
I happened to be walking around the basement of Peninsula shopping centre when the hunger pangs struck and thankfully I was standing right outside Makanan Bollywood.	statement	db
The food smelled really good from where I was and so I decided to grab a bite there.	statement	db
But other days when the crowd is ""just nice"" you'll be in for a treat!	statement	db
Food tasted fresh although they were slightly cold compared to what I would have preferred.	statement	db
If you are the type who can't stand cilantro / coriander and the likes, i can already guarantee you would hate this dish.	statement	db
I don't know what it is but if i go too long without lei cha fan, i start to really crave it.	statement	db
You can have your coffee too supplied by Papa Palheta what a nice collab!	statement	db
We had booked for an inside table and when we arrived it was taken.	statement	db
When questioned about not getting the table inside the staff member, who may have been the owners son, rudely replied ""first come first served"".	statement	db
Meals are over priced for what you get.	statement	db
Four of us at the table when meals ordered.	statement	db
They didn't even check why one person was sitting there waiting for their meal.	statement	db
The place wasn't full which was great, if you're looking for a place where you can have a conversation without shouting.	statement	db
Free and fast WiFi (perhaps I visited when patrons weren't streaming).	statement	db
They have the coziest sofa but when you sat for too long, believe me it was tiring as the table is too low.	statement	db
I must spend way to much time looking at Google Maps because when I discovered this place I knew that I had to check it out (especially being such a book nerd).	statement	db
The also have an outdoor section, though a part of that is a smoking area, though why would one want to sit outside when you can sit inside with all the marvellous books.	statement	db
You could sit outside or inside, where I bet it's perfect to post up and do some work from home stuff.	statement	db
This is a great place for breakfast when staying in the area.	statement	db
If you want to find a cafe where give you relax feeling and long chart with you love and friends.	statement	db
Maybe it's because I'm almost a regular but I swear there are a few folks who work here who make me ok with paying the Bougieville prices.	statement	db
The cafe is very cute on the inside and has a much more homey, approachable feel than the usual pretentiousness that frequently comes when S'pore establishments try Western fare.	statement	db
This would be an ideal place for you to chill and read a book, there's indoor and outdoor and there is a couch area indoor where you can read and dine.	statement	db
I am not sure what specific bird it is but it is well drawn and the colors are beautiful.	statement	db
I was intrigued when I first stumbled upon this place from web searches and even more intrigued when a colleague highly recommended me to try this place.	statement	db
Still tasted as good when it's cool, but it would be better if you could finish the entire basket while it is still piping hot.	statement	db
- when you can savor both at the same time without feeling as though you've just had a bite of sugar.	statement	db
It was a good combination and best eaten when served.	statement	db
It was crowded when I got there, thank goodness friends had already snagged a table (only high tables were available then) so there was no wait.	statement	db
Final problems, when the food arrived.	statement	db
Ah, what a better way to share and enjoy the meal!	statement	db
They may looked sorry, something that you wouldn't want to reach out when placed next to a bowl of Cajun Spiced Garlic Fries but their taste was astonishingly memorable.	statement	db
It may be out of place and less reachable without MRT but any other wheeled vehicles, it is a place that I may recommend to others who hope to get a taste of the American-European mixed menu in a friendly environment.	statement	db
Drizzled with wasabi mayonnaise and specked with what appeared to be paprika powder as well (which is what I call any orange colored powder, by default), the lightly curried wurst was just a little spicy.	statement	db
Service was excellent the evening we visited as well as the following day when we contacted them about a wrong item we had been billed for.	statement	db
We went here whilst staying around the corner at the Dorsett hotel and what a wonderful surprise!	statement	db
It was light and crispy, which gave a savoury taste when accompanying the rich and creamy durian ice cream.	statement	db
At the back of the restaurant are where the food is prepared, while to the right are another row of cosy dining tables overlooking the MBS ""basin"" & foyer outside.	statement	db
You'll just have to go check it out for yourself to see what I mean.	statement	db
The great chef of the hour in this instance is David Thompson, who is an Aussie chef famous for his take on Thai cuisine.	statement	db
Old school or not, what his team (Thompson does not cook here) are doing at Long Chim is top-notch, and at these prices (around $10 for entrees and $20 and upwards for shared mains), one could hardly do better.	statement	db
Hence I came here with a friend who loves pizza as well on a Monday noon.	statement	db
Prior to coming here, I did my research on what to get beforehand and quickly ordered the food items below to avoid the long waiting time for the dishes.	statement	db
The temperature of the pizza was not too warm when served that both my friend and I could straightaway bite on it after taking pictures.	statement	db
They also have a free loyalty program where you can get 1 free pizza after buying 10 pizzas.	statement	db
I was one of about 6 people in the restaurant at the time so maybe that's why service was so good.	statement	db
I do feel like people who leave ""terrible service"" & ""racist"" reviews are probably the ultra sensitive, easily offended, everyone listen to me type of person that are never happy anywhere.	statement	db
That's a bit high for our budget and when each pizza is about 20~ and we've got a ton of tiny asian girls who aren't going to eat all 6 pieces it's not going to happen.	statement	db
It's a pleasant surprise when a joint in Singapore features a brewery located in Seattle.	statement	db
Given this discovery, why not have a Pizza throw-down (an ode to Bobby flay) review: Alt Pizza vs.	statement	db
In any event, I finally found ALT (no thanks to bad directions to building 3 instead of 4) and what a pleasant surprise.	statement	db
Not exactly sure what I was in the mood for, I figured I'd try Alt Pizza and see what the fuss was about.	statement	db
The only downside is now I know I've got some work to do on my own pizza skills when I get home.	statement	db
I look towards the weekends with anticipation because that's when I typically pig out!	statement	db
But then what can I say the prices are superbly competitive, these guys are pretty smart...	statement	db
Pizzeria, Craft beer, wings & burger what more one can ask for!	statement	db
At Alt Pizza, you've got to take charge and know what you want.	statement	db
They sometimes do specials if you order their specialty pizza, and they were running a great deal when we went there (2 specialty pizzas + 2 starters for $45).	statement	db
It ended up being a $3-$5 more for each pizza than if we had gotten specialty pizzas, but we got exactly what we wanted.	statement	db
We've been a couple of times, and have introduced colleagues and friends over, who have also been impressed.	statement	db
Pizza and have been walking past the restaurant everyday, skeptical and all since, um, when you work in the doldrums known as Suntec City everything looks bad, overpriced or both.	statement	db
you fill in what you want and hand it to the waiter, and they served iced water free.	statement	db
Hard to find these days in the place where pork and beef is not allowed in more and more non-Chinese eating places in Singapore.	statement	db
Of course they taste just as great when apart - though I would've liked my foie gras slightly more seared, it was perfectly fatty and creamy.	statement	db
First of all, I ordered my steak rare and when it arrived it was everything but rare but I must admit, this was immediately corrected by the staff and they gave us a complimentary dessert so I will not hold that against them.	statement	db
Don't get me wrong, it was certainly not bad but when I pay close to 200$ a person, I want to be wow-ed and I was not.	statement	db
They have a sommelier who will give you proper advice on wines based on your budget and taste.	statement	db
You pay for what you get.	statement	db
But I know what my purpose was for booking a hotel right above this food court..	statement	db
I've honestly had this everyday when i was in Singapore, and i didn't get tired of it.	statement	db
I tend to pass by Raffles City Shopping Centre quite a bit - so, usually when I'm there, I do tend to hang out for quite a bit.	statement	db
Especially, when you're dipping the Kaya Toast bread in the eggs... Yummmmmmyyyy.	statement	db
Even when we flipped the meat request sign to não (No in Portuguese) they STILL kept bringing us meat.	statement	db
I don't know when was the last time I ate that much of anything.	statement	db
& the servers come out to you with sticks full of meat where they carve it out to you on the table.	statement	db
my teeth got tired after the second round when i just gave up on getting any more meat.	statement	db
they seemed annoyed when some of us rejected their meat.	statement	db
We waited for quite some time before anyone gave us plates and asked us what we'd like to drink.	statement	db
People who are concern about their weight and Vegan and PETA, stay far away from this restaurant as possible!!	statement	db
The first time we ordered it with a waitress who knew what it was and said it would be coming.	statement	db
After the food arrived with no bread, we asked the meat server who had no idea what that was.	statement	db
That other someone, another waitress, came by, and after repeating our order, she left not understanding what we wanted.	statement	db
The person who took our reservation was very informative and when we arrived, he pointed out what to avoid (pretty much the salad bar).	statement	db
Our favourite combination is the white veggies with pork chop and egg.. two packets is $6+.. we're not big eaters so that's about what we 3 people can share with.. and then we get some additional ngor hiang from the store directly across.	statement	db
I usually eat here around 3 when it's less crowded!	statement	db
It took me a really long time to narrow down what I wanted.	statement	db
His comeback was ""didn't they bring the food to the table "" staff is clueless as to what service is , not through their fault, management hasn't trained them properly.	statement	db
This review is probably one of those that people will read as ""well it's an outlier, you always get those when you own a restaurant"".	statement	db
Well my response would be that a restaurant is only tested through their handing of issues, and their interaction with their customers, not when someone rates 5 starts for ordering a glass of wine, which requires no thought, I don't feel this is representational of the restaurants ability to serve, and thus earn their 5 star rating.	statement	db
Let me explain what happened and you can judge for yourself.	statement	db
This is where their true colors came out.	statement	db
I could not comprehend what was going on, it turned into a scene and ruined our night.	statement	db
I met a dear Friend who recently moved to Singapore for a glass of wine at Wine Connection.	statement	db
The Wine Connection is therefore a glittering prize in a city where you're lucky if £7 gets you a vodka and coke.	statement	db
I've since been here twice with my family, discovering en route that my mother is hilarious when legless on rose.	statement	db
I LOVE it when i stumble across cute little places like this.	statement	db
Well Dressed is a great choice if you're in Chinatown and can't handle the food stalls where the locals go, behind the Buddha Tooth Museum.	statement	db
I had the vegetarian satay which I must say did a damn good job of imitating something meat-like using what I think was seitan.	statement	db
Having gotten used to the large whole fish one gets in the Shima Hokke Set ($13.90) however, this was a little lacking in portion size and I think I will revert to my usual order of the Shima Hokke when I return for a generous portion of the tender, delicious mackerel.	statement	db
This reminded me why I hardly eat Japanese food in Singapore.	statement	db
There's a hustle and bustle all around you but that's to be expected with a large number of families who dine here.	statement	db
The fat in the ribeye is where the flavour concentrates when you dry age the cut.	statement	db
The sides are what you expect when you pay $15-25 for high end Italian in Singapore.	statement	db
The interior is original, thoughtful, interesting, it goes beyond the ""Nordic minimalist"" look that you get everywhere and where it's hard to draw a line between fast food joint and cool modernism.	statement	db
I'm a bit wary when it comes to flavors like these, which can quite easily go wrong.	statement	db
The scallops were a lot less brown than what I am used to.	statement	db
We were pretty hungry when we arrived, but I can safely say that the 3 of us left feeling extremely satisfied.	statement	db
Overall, it was a fantastic dinner with a lovely ambience and welcoming staff who made it a comfortable experience throughout.	statement	db
Outrageously expensive for what you get.	statement	db
You could still see the marbling of the beef when you cut into it.	statement	db
The roasted Kipfler potatoes were also excellent (its like a slightly bigger version of the baby potato and a nice taught skin when cooked).	statement	db
Will be back again when the tummy or occasion calls!	statement	db
It had a relaxing, cosy ambience that can be romantic depending on who you're with.	statement	db
But we certainly got what we ordered ... and it was great.	statement	db
http://tinyurl.com/cbww6qm  Costata (1-1.2kg bone-in rib eye - for 2)  This is what we came here for.	statement	db
I am not sure why in serving a $180 steak they feel sauces will be required but they do provide them.	statement	db
Definitely recommend this place, especially for large groups where you can get a little bit of everything.	statement	db
We were seated on the indoor front section of the restaurant, where we can see the bar and chefs at work.	statement	db
A drink that we fell in love with when we are in Melbourne, it is difficult to find this drink in Singapore but recently it is getting more popular and we are so glad.	statement	db
The dessert is on the house and what a way to end a nice evening.	statement	db
The burrito size, though slightly smaller and pricier than what you'd see in the US, is Singapore standard and to be expected.	statement	db
They had guacamole available when I was there (THANK YOU.)	statement	db
But when I got there shortly after 5, I was turned away by staff saying that the promo ended at 5.	statement	db
GYG is at the Asia Square food court that is mobbed by people from other nearby office complexes including One Raffles Quay and MBFC where the selection is not as good.	statement	db
But unfortunately, it's not like mcdonalds, no matter where you go a Big Mac tastes like a Big Mac.	statement	db
I have negative 3 star expectations when looking for Mexican food in Singapore so even if it's passable, it's an automatic 3 stars.	statement	db
I agree with Andrea that the GYGs in Australia must be much better as I was pleasantly surprised when I tried them in Perth and Sydney.	statement	db
I prefer it over Mex Out in China Square and need to check out Muchachos again to see where they stand in the mix.	statement	db
but when that first photo showed, i knew it was time to go!	statement	db
But if what you're truly after is a banh mi sandwich that has a flaky, beautiful, ridiculously soft bun and yummy lemongrass pork, then come on over here!!!	statement	db
There's always a queue outside that's why I'm being attracted to have a quick dinner here.	statement	db
Had been curious to check out this restaurant when it was still under construction cos the branding on the hoarding looked interesting.	statement	db
The experience at the restaurant, when it finally opened, was interesting and definitely will go back for more!	statement	db
However, the counter where the order was taken is rather small, thus it gets uncomfortable and squeezy having to wait ard the area for our drinks amongst many others queuing to make their orders.	statement	db
I know I shouldn't expect much in Singapore when it comes to customer service but had to ask for the damn salad three times before someone finally brought it over and just dropped it on my table without even apologizing.	statement	db
Hire servers who speak English.	statement	db
They still try to talk to me in Chinese when I just said ""I am not Chinese!""	statement	db
We got here to the basement of Raffles City at 11.40am, and thought we'd talk a walk around to see what lunch options we had, and quickly spotted the line.	statement	db
Well, apparently anyone who wants to eat here does, as a full-house PLUS a 10-person long line should be evidence of.	statement	db
Swept up in the herd mentality, we got in line, and spied a little too obviously at other tables to get a clue about what was the best thing to eat as the line crawled on forward.	statement	db
That's what Nam Nam does!	statement	db
All of the herbs are top quality and that's what vietnamese flavors are all about.	statement	db
Indeed, I am so looking forward to the day of its opening after hearing friends who cannot stop raving about how fresh and tasty they can be.	statement	db
Oh, the set lunch for $9.90  is more valuable, where you have an option between a chicken or beef pho and a light snack plus coffee.	statement	db
Coming from a person who has tasted soap ( I was about 7 years mind you).	statement	db
I can see why it's popular.	statement	db
Wholly satisfying when done right.	statement	db
Try it once and you'll know what I mean.	statement	db
This review is for two visits: 1. takeaway order for pork meatballs banh mi 2. dining in for beef noodles and lime soda  I had read reviews and learned how the system worked -- get a table, place order on form, bring it to the counter and pay -- but I definitely saw people wander in and hover around the restaurant not quite sure what to do, and none of the staff bothered going up to explain to them as they stood in the restaurant for a couple minutes, looking completely lost.	statement	db
I'm really not sure what wagyu beef adds to burgers or sliced beef in soup (and what strange categorization they are using to be able to call it wagyu).	statement	db
Additionally, I wasn't quite sure what the singular slice of chili floating in the bowl of Pho was trying to achieve, because it definitely didn't contribute much spice to the soup.	statement	db
The Les Amis group should probably stick to what it's good at.	statement	db
As for the Banh Mi, the bread/baguette was chewy and soft, not crunch, basically not what baguette should be.	statement	db
In the still-being-revamped/re-done/re-somethinged food court of Bestway Building (former TV12 headquarters), these guys have gone boldly where not many would choose to go... and set up their kitchen as a pioneer, and count a economoical rice stall and a malay food stall as their only neighbours... for now.	statement	db
This is what I was tweeted, asking what to try: ""The Fat Elvis: 120g, banana, bacon, peanut butter!!""	statement	db
I steal a bite when she's not looking, and BOOM.	statement	db
There is even a counter for customized sandwiches where u get to choose from a variety of bread and ingredients.	statement	db
I have no idea what it's called.	statement	db
Not the look I'm going when paying that much money for Korean BBQ!	statement	db
Coming from LA where korean food is of utmost abundance, it was a struggle to find food korean food in Singapore.	statement	db
But that's kind of what ends to the fun night-out atmosphere.	statement	db
Warning: Do not wear nice clothes when you come here.	statement	db
The reason why it is still such a popular dining area is because of the cheap and good food that they provide.	statement	db
but this also means that when it is crowded, it may be hard to catch the attention of staff.	statement	db
This outlet at Raffles City is so big (dont be fooled by what you see from the entrance cos there's a whole lot more tables all the way hidden behind!	statement	db
However, cos the menu includes food that you can cook when it's served to the table, it inevitably makes the place smell cos ventilation is not that great.	statement	db
That smell also leaves with you when you depart the restaurant after your very well-nourished meal.	statement	db
They started off ok, but basically we had 4 adults and 4 children - they served 2 of the adults than basically we waited another 40 minutes for everyone else to get there orders,  The restaurant is actually pretty big, but I wouldn't say it was fully packed when we got in.	statement	db
I've got to admit I'm a bit picky when it comes to korean bbq.	statement	db
I come here to eat when I get hungry before or after my Nylon coffee, or sometimes in between.	statement	db
PARTING THOUGHT: the wait staff told us about the Monday happy hour where they run deals on sashimi, sake and beer.	statement	db
I wasn't quite sure what to expect of it - it had that air of measured casualness without the pretense of being anything more than it appears to profess to be - a reliable go-to sushi bar.	statement	db
After all, when I think of the phrase 'standing sushi bar', I think of a place where I'd literally walk in, grab some bites and maybe a drink, and then walk out, which may have been perfect, given the very premium locations they boast.	statement	db
Even though the prices do get pretty steep - $18 for a plate of tuna and swordfish sashimi - but I have learnt over the years that when it comes to Japanese food, you're really getting what you pay for - and there's no denying the quality of the raw stuff here.	statement	db
It's really hard to get Pork Satay and I remember lovin' it in Bali - when I had Pork Satay almost every other day - so it was a pleasant surprise to mix and match, Chicken, Pork and Lamb Satay - and the marinade is really yummy.	statement	db
What I Love: Service was great - the guy who took my order was a young chap, and was eloquent, and did the satay pretty quickly.	statement	db
Ketupat is free, when you order 10 pieces.	statement	db
For one who do not like basil, it really tastes very good.	statement	db
I'm happy to pay if the standard is there so whilst it was good I think it's 15-20pct over priced for what it is.	statement	db
I'd definitely take use of that if and when you visit.	statement	db
Exactly what I wanted it to taste like when we ordered it.	statement	db
But there was one girl, who just didn't seem to smile or seemed like she didn't want to be there.	statement	db
So it was just off putting especially when she would tend to our table.	statement	db
Sam W. who complained about the price of eggs would be appalled by the price of the pancakes.	statement	db
Fairly packed when I arrived.	statement	db
I know I'm supposed to reveal what we ordered, but I don't remember the names.	statement	db
Gone where the hey day of Liang Court where Daimaru once stood.	statement	db
The tea was very fragrant and flavorful but what really stole the show was the crepe cake!!	statement	db
This is what defines millennial friendship- spending money for access to a power outlet.	statement	db
I asked our server what flavor this black colored macaron was, and he confirmed my suspicion.	statement	db
+Before we begin, It was 10.30pm when I got there.	statement	db
--------------  This place, when you sit down, you don't just watch people.	statement	db
So when you eat, a good tip is to eat like a lady.	statement	db
I honestly fell disappointed and cheated upon, the scones were tiny but what I thought was even worse was the amount of tea served.	statement	db
Overall the service is average, they do provide you with extra lemon slices for your tea when asked but the real reason for going here is the location: this place is in the middle of MBS, which is one of the poshest malls in Singapore and you sit in ""the luxury circle"" surrounded by Prada, Louis Vuitton and others.	statement	db
A  What I usually do is have the waiter make some recommendations based on what kind of taste I feel like having today.	statement	db
TWG (since 2008) is not what it makes itself out to be.	statement	db
I was disappointed when the tea cannot be refilled with water.	statement	db
Later, when the very nice tea master opens one of the large tins, golden tea dust gets swirled up.	statement	db
However should you find yourself wanting to try what they have to offer you do need quote a bit of patience as service is rather slow from waiting in line to the serving of the food.	statement	db
After I purchased a few of their infused tea and macarons, the female cashier looks very annoyed when I tried to take a picture of the store "" No pictures"".	statement	db
And the guy who just sold us the tea pretended it wasn't his business.	statement	db
This TWG is trying to be an upscale store,but unfortunately the people who work for them are discourteous.	statement	db
TWG is a tea boutique franchise based in Singapore, set up by a Singaporean and French pair of friends who met in Morocco.	statement	db
Quite pricey for tea ... and when I was at the Ion Orchard branch, they did not refill my tea pot with hot water though my girlfriend said they did so at the Taka branch for her.	statement	db
I ordered a tea milk shake when I was at MBS (the Asian tea flavour) - which was so satisfying - wasn't too thick nor too sweet - and you could sense good tea in there with all that milk and sugar!	statement	db
This is just one of the two TWG outlets at the Shoppes and is situated right above a man-made river running through the mall where gondolas glide across the waters.	statement	db
Request for the tea manual - where each tea is explained in much detail.	statement	db
I guess this is what it must feel like to be the queen of England!	statement	db
In the states you pretty much justify why you ever eat/ate McDonald's.	statement	db
That's slang for this place is the bees knees/ the hippest place on the block/ where the party is at 24/7!	statement	db
Did not look impressive when it came out.	statement	db
Wandering through Clarke Quay after some time away always means looking out for what has closed and what has opened.	statement	db
That what I wouldn't call service	statement	db
Their obsession with following ""the rule"" makes for a terrible experience where you truly feel unwanted.	statement	db
but here is where you need to pause for a cause and peruse their bar bites menu.	statement	db
It is not that the service was bad, it's just that I am not a huge fan of these flash hotel bars - which is what this is.	statement	db
Fortunately it was one of the bars that Yelp recommended to me that was actually open, and I must say that the name intrigued me, but when I walked around the corner and discovered that it was a part of this really fancy hotel my eyes literally rolled.	statement	db
Okay, they did have some lounge areas, and you can sit at the bar, but there were these other odd things that you sort of leaned against - I really don't like leaning against things when having a beer, I like to sit down.	statement	db
After reading an article on the Whist cocktail in the New York Times, I requested one here, and the bar tender actually put together 3 versions using a different sweet vermouth, which was genius and also really showed what a difference one ingredient can make.	statement	db
For starters the atmosphere was really appealing: modern, with music but not too loud and friendly people having what looked like delicious bites.	statement	db
Three of us arrived at 3pm when high tea starts and were told they were already out of the Oriental Tea menu, meaning no dim sum appetizer.	statement	db
I'm not sure why the confusion, but I'm glad we got to try both.	statement	db
We offered to wait for a table but it seemed that no amount of waiting would help as the tables were reserved for hotel guests who might saunter  down for tea.	statement	db
Make of this what you may but we surmised that Anti:dote does not welcome young mothers with babies, perhaps, for fear of despoiling their pristine and childless interior.	statement	db
Servers came over to check on our needs pretty fast and they are understanding especially when we took awhile before coming to a conclusion on what to get - all american breakfast and toast set.	statement	db
I'm not sure why but latte is $5.50 and flat whites and caps are $5.	statement	db
It's very quiet when I go early in the mornings on weekdays and I enjoy the serenity and space.	statement	db
Oh and he didn't speak much English, which was fine when ordering (that's what pointing is for) but frustrating when I had to ask 3 TIMES about my hot mocha.	statement	db
My friends and I could not decide what to eat and made our choice the typical Singaporean way - by heading for the stall with the longest queue at Tai Wah Pork Noodles  There was a queue of at least 7 people in front of us when we started queueing and the wait was long (and excruciating since we were all rather starved).	statement	db
They are also rather generous with their lard servings so for those who love those crispy pillows of lard, this stall would make you pretty happy.	statement	db
I highly recommend it to those who like pork noodle.	statement	db
The taste when put into your mouth is like a burst of celebration.	statement	db
Served as an individual serving, when the platter arrives, it's a complete instagram moment.	statement	db
but no, tables were randomly cleared as and when they have time, others were left uncleared even though the guests have all left a long time.	statement	db
my only complain is that this was not as what the picture menu promised.	statement	db
i am quite sure it would have made for a better photo than what we ended up getting!	statement	db
Most of the places cost a bomb when it comes to dinner but Sampo still provides reasonably priced dinner sets at no more than $15 before service charge.	statement	db
For those who are dining with a group and want some privacy, there are also private rooms available.	statement	db
It's one of those places where you can dine there every fortnight without feeling bored.	statement	db
This ramen spot is definitely a little close in quarters, as you can basically hear what the table next to you is saying--and there's never enough room for the servers to squeeze by the other tables to get to yours...so we had to tell our server our orders across the other table.	statement	db
I'd definitely recommend Daikokuya ramen, and when we were walking around that day...other lunch spots didn't really jump out at us.	statement	db
Having side dishes and curry rice options are also a good idea so friends who don't really like ramen have more options to choose from as well.	statement	db
And that's what most of the regulars do if you notice what they order.	statement	db
While they do have an assortment of sashimi (squid, salmon, tuna, hamachi) available, the high costs and measly portions presented to us were sort of a let down -for the price you pay you expect something better than what Sakae sushi would do for example.	statement	db
Shunjuu is a good place for sumiyaki in Robertson Quay and reservations are absolutely essential, although it's prolly a lot easier to walk in here than Kazu, something we have done when Kazu's two seatings are full.	statement	db
Not for the faint of heart...if you don't want to guess when your food is done cooking on a rock don't do it.	statement	db
This remains my go-to place for when I need free wifi and a central location to work out of for an hour or 2, on a whim without reservations.	statement	db
It was salmon with a crispy seaweed and sesame seed crust, served on a bed of mashed potato (yeah, that's what the potato risotto essentially was).	statement	db
Bars, restaurants and facilities -- I'm really not sure where to start with this.	statement	db
All reasonably priced for what you get.	statement	db
Classic high tea with dainty little trays and a small selection of mincing little bites are fun, but always leave me hungry for more...  That's why I think the high tea buffet at Town Restaurant at The Fullerton Hotel on Saturday is such an excellent value!	statement	db
Anyways, the Fullerton Hotel is quite grand of what I saw of it.	statement	db
The desserts here looks awesome too.. and I don't know if anyone knows this but there's a tunnel that goes straight to where One Fullerton.	statement	db
The concept is an open kitchen and was nice a cool, a must when we're dealing with fresh fish.	statement	db
I stopped by here when wandering from Clarke Quay towards Robertson Quay when the hunger and heat got the better of me and I just had to stop somewhere.	statement	db
Neither of these were anything special but more what one can expect and prices are a bit higher than I would like to pay but then it is Robertson Quay after all so perhaps to be expected.	statement	db
It can tend to get a bit too noisy around as many families with children appear to like to come here and at least when I have been there it has been the type of people who do not feel like telling their kids to behave and take it easy so if that disturbs you it may not be the best place.	statement	db
I must say that it wasn't really the best place that I had visited here in Singapore, but then again you can't always expect to strike it lucky when exploring a new city.	statement	db
Okay, I do have to say that the staff were pretty good, but when I looked at the menu there really wasn't anything all that appealing.	statement	db
It's right down the street from where I live.	statement	db
So when I need some down-time to myself on the weekend, i'd head down here with a good book for a cup of latte and sandwiches.	statement	db
It's easy no frills sandwich and cheap for what it is - they're priced at $8,$10 and $15.	statement	db
The only down side is, seating is mostly outdoors and there are no A/C, which can be downright unbearable when it's especially hot in Singapore	statement	db
The view was good - luckily the sky was overcast and the weather was cool; I can't imagine what it would be like if it is a hot sunny day!	statement	db
Great friendly team that love what they do - great coffee makers and snappy eats.	statement	db
It was only a little better with the.. wait for it... WHIPPED cream (oh how i hate it when they serve whipped instead of clotted).	statement	db
it was very homemade style, which wasn't quite what i was looking for.	statement	db
Salads and juices are great, the first time I visited Kith, I wanted something more than what was offer on the blackboard so I asked if I could request for a specific salad.	statement	db
I was in luck because the person who would soon say yes was none other than lady boss Jane herself.	statement	db
A nice place to meet friends, especially on weekdays when it's not as crowded as on the weekends.	statement	db
This place is always swelling with people, no matter what day of the week and once you have been in there it is evident why.	statement	db
Per Muji's recommendation, be sure to grab the seat first and place a metal table tent on it reserving it to guarantee your spot when you get out of the line.	statement	db
I am now too a fan of Cafe & Meal Muji who brings that same mantra of simplicity to the palette.	statement	db
If Muji ran a cafeteria like a Japanese Ikea food court or really really really amazing airplane food   That last one sounds like the worst insult ever but this is what I *wish* airplane food were like.	statement	db
For having really pretty red menus that so prettily lay out exactly what each lunch set will include.	statement	db
I normally only go for the normal one and tell them I only want Salmon, Salmon Belly and Swordfish - my all time favourites when it comes to sashimi.	statement	db
I see what the hype is about now.	statement	db
Depending on my mood, i would go for Ten Cha Soba set ($12) when i want something lighter.	statement	db
Or their Chikuwa Tei set when i'm really greedy.	statement	db
There was a long queue when we arrived and we were patient enough to wait outside.	statement	db
We were understanding about the long wait until he gave our table to a group of Caucasians who walked in a good 45 minutes after us!!	statement	db
Caveat emptor - do not commit the folly that my husband and I recently did (unless you are a belly tuna afficionado) - blithely nodding when the sushi chef offered us the belly tuna ""just in from Japan.""	statement	db
Simple, casual and fuss free, Chikuwa Tei is one of my favourite 'easy' dinners to go when I crave Japanese food.	statement	db
They have a strange duo shift system, where you need to choose between two time slots when you book, 630 to  Very good Chirashi don.	statement	db
Late night spot in Clark Quay to have a drink to watch the action at night where friendly people and great times are had.	statement	db
A friendly small place where the service is quick and pleasant.	statement	db
The value really cannot be beaten and the service was also excellent, even during the weekend rush when the kitchen was overloaded.	statement	db
Server gave us the lunch special menu and as we looked over the menu things seemed pretty expensive for what you got, but we were hungry....so it didn't matter.	statement	db
Z'en has an extensive menu and it took us quite awhile to determine what we were going to order.	statement	db
There were some gaps where they were not really checking in.	statement	db
This should have been an enjoyable relaxed dining experience where we could truly savor their very delicious food.	statement	db
Buffet prices are listed at the end of the post and it's cheaper to go on weekends (i don't know why but i'm not complaining).	statement	db
This was perfectly grilled to a tender pink and when it was served, we simply ignored the shabu shabu.	statement	db
The boys were quite happy with my restaurant choice, even the picky W. I will probably be back when my Shabu craving kicks in again.	statement	db
Came here when we were searching for a good sushi place by Robertson Walk / Quay so that there would be good ambience and people watching.	statement	db
My favorite Japanese restaurant when it comes to shabu shabu, Zen Japanese offers high quality ingredients at reasonable prices.	statement	db
We were lucky the queue was very quick and there were a few empty tables when we got here a recent Saturday evening around 7:30pm.	statement	db
Even when the ramen craze came and swept Singaporeans and foodies around the world off their feet, i remained faithful to my thick chewy white noodles.	statement	db
The tempura selection is rather limited compared to what i've seen in Japan.	statement	db
This is definitely where i'm heading everytime i have an udon craving.	statement	db
There was a small line (5-6 people in front of us) when we got there but it moved quickly.	statement	db
Overall, efficient, pretty tasty and affordable too (about $6-11 for a bowl) :) The 3 most important factors when determining a place for a weekday lunch.	statement	db
You mosey on up to the order counter, tell them what you want, they give you a bowl of udon, you pick up tempura, and then you pay.	statement	db
Those who cannot do without their daily meat intake can also add beef or pork to their Kake and Bukake Udon for an extra $4-$6.	statement	db
The menu was pretty extensive, I remember loving the beef short ribs the best, as they were so yummy and tasty when grilled on the BBQ.	statement	db
A little further down from where I usually stray, this joint is located closer to the Tyler Print Institute than the main Robertson hive.	statement	db
Hard to justify spending this much money on food that was mostly worse that what I would get at a hawker center.	statement	db
Sounds like great value at $5.50..but what's the point when it is so bad.	statement	db
I think most diners were having chicken rice when I was there.	statement	db
I will post again when I am here for meals next time.	statement	db
I'd recommend dining at these food plazas when in Singapore since it's a great way to sample some Asian cuisine!	statement	db
Another suggestion I have is, when in doubt at what to eat, follow the locals and see where they line up or what the majority of the people are eating.	statement	db
I had the  shaved ice with red bean which was what i need due to high humidity.	statement	db
The satay stall is pretty good (though I've yet to find a hawker centre who does bad satay).	statement	db
I have always wanted to visit the Singapore Food Trail, which is a 1960s themed food street at Singapore Flyer and Food Republic Beer Garden at Harbourfront when they opened in early 2011.	statement	db
There was much hype when they opened but it seemed to have died down.	statement	db
Then I was delightfully surprised by what we've found.	statement	db
4 Stars only because it's the first Korean Restaurant where I've seen the noodle version of the Ginseng Chicken Soup!	statement	db
Great for people like me who wanted the goodness of the soup but lazy to peel off chicken meat from the bones.	statement	db
The place is small but doesn't seem too crowded when I was there.	statement	db
Definitely recommend to anyone who is around the area to try it out.	statement	db
You order through the window and sit down where you get a bowl of hard boiled eggs, and can also choose two little dishes per person for free - I had two dishes of bean sprouts but I believe you can also get potato salad.	statement	db
The lunch isn't so fantastic, very mediocre sandwiches that aren't warmed up enough even when you ask for it to be toasted, and due to the small kitchen, we waited close to half an hour for the sandwiches to be served.	statement	db
Ok, make sure your head's in the game when you eat anywhere on the river here.	statement	db
The service was great, and when I mentioned (not complained) that I thought BPC would be spicier, they took it back and made it perfect ( I half expected fire to shoot out of my face when it came back - but no).	statement	db
They should have charged me for the epic black pepper carnage that lay upon that nice white table cloth when I was done.	statement	db
And when I smiling-ly called BS, he subtracted $5 as a ""compromise.""	statement	db
moment is an over zealous waitress who keeps throwing the paper napkins after every course even though they have not been used yet.	statement	db
The band is too loud, can't even hear yourself thinking (and the blah staff can't hear you when you order.	statement	db
One guy had a noodle soup where the noodles were WAY too soggy.	statement	db
:)  What I Love: Love the style of the place.	statement	db
I'm a big fan of Vietnamese cuisine and, having lived in northern Vietnam for a while, I can be picky when trying Vietnamese food elsewhere.	statement	db
Va Va Voom is average and doesn't serve anything close to what you can get in Vietnam, but it's reasonably priced and the portions are well-sized.	statement	db
I appreciate their sloping BBQ grill where the excess fats will run off and give you the FALSE sensation that your meal is healthier.	statement	db
And then the cherry on top - they give out free tissues, so when your hands get grubby you can clean them - not that hard huh!	statement	db
As I walked in I noticed a staff talking on the phone non stop, and even when I left he was still on his phone.	statement	db
Not exactly sure what he was talking about as he was speaking in his native language.	statement	db
He only stopped talking when he was collecting money.	statement	db
You can't go wrong when a Korean group reserved 2 tables in a Korean restaurant.	statement	db
The only drawback was the ban chans do not have a good variety (5 wasn't impressive when you experienced 11 at other places!).	statement	db
I came here with my mom after a bumboat trip on the Singapore river looking for a some place where we could eat late without being in a very loud club-type environment so we ended up at Tomo Izikaya as it is one of the places near the Singapore river at Clarke Quay which look cosy and less crowded.	statement	db
However, the tempura and sushi were just ok, not what you expect for this price.	statement	db
However, it's a bit of mystery why the sushi rolls were a bit weak, using krab in the California roll and having a bit too much rice.	statement	db
It's also a good compromise for when I want sushi and he wants Japanese style steak, as they offer both here!	statement	db
It didn't look like a very special place at first, and it was barely filled when we reached there.	statement	db
The manager or owner, I presumed, had to be called when I ordered Stamina Natto or Shiokara, and true to form, he was very kind and respectful and accommodated me the best he could.	statement	db
But if you are alone for dinner, don't go here, because the service is crappy for single dudes traveling on business...Oh....and of course, because I look like I am of Indian decent (West Indian actually....), no one takes me seriously when I ask for authentic Japanese cooking....	statement	db
I like this place because it has a nice selection of sakes at affordable prices, and super awesome for big groups who just want to sit down, drink sake and not have to yell over the table to be heard.	statement	db
Back in the days when Britney released her first hit single.	statement	db
I longed for your rice burgers when I moved to Australia and then Canada/America.	statement	db
But when you told me you didn't have diet/light Coke, you spat right into my mouth.	statement	db
But when our orders came, the all too familiar basket appeared.	statement	db
Of course I'm not expecting it to look the same when served, especially not since its in a wrapper.	statement	db
However, I am left with figuring out what I actually ate.	statement	db
I ordered a spicy mos burger and my initial thought when I got it was that it was very sloppy like a sloppy joe, but when I bit into it I was surprised that it was actually pretty good!	statement	db
Yet sometimes a Teriyaki chicken sandwich is what I want and need and so Mos Cafe it is.	statement	db
Depending on what time you stop by, you might be able to find seats.	statement	db
I wanted to try a cheap, uniquely Asian burger, and what I got was a cheap, uniquely bad burger.	statement	db
Also, I understand that this is a fast food establishment, but that doesn't mean yelling at your customer when they ask if credit cards are accepted is warranted.	statement	db
Never had a bad dish, but I have high expectations when a premium is charged.	statement	db
The kitchen is glass, but you can't really see from your seat, only when you're walking in/out.	statement	db
While it features robatayaki (charcoal grilled food) as its main call, it is more like a casual Japanese restaurant rather than a strict robatayaki place where chorus of yells assails your ears even before you are seated.	statement	db
Meanwhile, those who are afraid of onions should try the Grilled Onions $3.99.	statement	db
Before you start worrying about onion breath, these ones here are slow roasted till tender, and what is left behind is pure caramelized sweetness.	statement	db
Just when you think this restaurant may break your bank, prices go with the casual attitude at no more than $20 (Except for crab).	statement	db
After finishing the chicken, he even used what remains of the Garlic Naan to lap up all the gravy.	statement	db
We overate with orders of: Nacho Beef Supremo - this would not be a repeat order when we return again.	statement	db
For a restaurant who does both Mexican and Indian, I must say its doing both cuisine justice.	statement	db
And comes to tell us what this French bak kut teh is all about.	statement	db
He tries to tell us what the real name of the dish is, but we have a hard time understanding.	statement	db
But I guess its never a problem when its cooked to perfection.	statement	db
The food runner seemed angry at us when our order came out incorrect.	statement	db
We wouldn't need salt if you didn't underseasoned the food..and then when we try and salvage it, they add salt to the would (pun intended) by not having simple salt and pepper shakers.	statement	db
This exemplifies what is wrong with the restaurant.	statement	db
Living in Singapore, I end up eating more chicken and pork than seafood or beef, and finally there was a night where I wanted to grab a steak but not necessarily pluck down $200 at Cut.	statement	db
I had major food envy when sampling my fellow diners plates.	statement	db
You are greeted by the owner, Steven, who welcomes you like he is inviting guests into his home.	statement	db
These small, owner-run restaurants where you see the owner taking pride in what he does and making sure patrons are well taken care of are the hidden gems worth discovering.	statement	db
When I asked for a taste of one to help me decide, both the waiter and what seemed to be the manager rudely and flatly refused without explanation.	statement	db
I was quite surprised by its extensive selection of food and it even has an alfresco dining area for those who prefer outdoors.	statement	db
Nothing could go severely wrong when fresh squid is used to make this Golden Calamari rings ($18) instead of rubbery frozen kinds.	statement	db
We were surprised when the Smoked Salmon Pizza ($20) looked like it had just travelled out from the forest with the lush canopy of wild rocket.	statement	db
But what is heartening to know is that the ingredients used at Spizzico are fresh and the sauces are made from scratch.	statement	db
One of our dining companions also mentioned Spizzico when the topic of good Italian food came up, which is why the vouchers were purchased.	statement	db
The place is tucked away at the very quiet UE square and the restaurant was not very crowded when we were there.	statement	db
A strange incident happened when we tried to order with the head waiter, who could not really answer our questions properly regarding how the food was prepared, and had a bit of a trouble hearing as well.	statement	db
As a restaurant they have few tables outside where they serve an interesting menu.	statement	db
SPRMKT has a little bit of many different things and, sometimes, it's not quite clear what to expect.	statement	db
I first heard about this restaurant chain from Restauranteur uncle, who frequents Japan almost 4x a year.	statement	db
Aside from the large serving of fresh vegetables (people who've been to japan and ate western food there, i think you might get what i mean), the hamburger patties were exquisitely tender and moist!	statement	db
the comparison with that latter establishment is further promulgated when you realise just how similar (almost suspiciously so, as I whipped out the phone to check if they belonged to the same group - no evidence to this though) the menus are in terms of font and choice.	statement	db
the mains range from sushi to suitability (lots of springy noodles and tender beef in a suitably sweet broth), with sides of anything from sashimi to teriyaki chicken - and what we got was pretty tasty, and serviceable enough for a post-work dinner or hanging with friends.	statement	db
To many, when I mentioned to them Rakuzen, they fondly remembers this restaurant tucked away at a corner of millennia walk for its value for money set meals.	statement	db
Much of the sashimi is seasonal, so always ask for what is available.	statement	db
Finding one where food standards are still high despite the festive period is even harder.	statement	db
The staff was reasonably friendly and efficient when clearing the tables.	statement	db
Besides the seafood and sashimi, there was also plenty of other dishes so much so that my parents who are picky eaters did not have a complain at all.	statement	db
Never a bad meal but the odd thing is that the menu has not changed for the past 18 years either :)  This is what an actual home cooked meal in north india tastes like.	statement	db
The place was empty when we arrived at midday, so we had the choice of tables.	statement	db
The waiter was EXTREMELY attentive in helping us, always checking in every few mins and reminding us that the grill is very hot so it should always be turned down on the low side, and changing our grill plate when it was too messy.	statement	db
That's what lead us to make our first visit to Manbok on New Bridge Road.	statement	db
The lady and gentleman who manage it are very friendly people, and clearly take pride in running a good buffet.	statement	db
But, just as we started to eat and commented how good the food was, that's when families started to pour in through the door.	statement	db
The Verdict:  With so many other similar restaurants, it's hard to put into words what makes this one stand out.	statement	db
We like to end the meal with their bibimbap, where if you tell them to do it really crispy, they will have that amazing charred bottom like what a good claypot rice or paella gets.	statement	db
Not much difference, depending on what you feel like having more.	statement	db
The rotisserie chicken was very soggy and rubbery and was sitting in a tray of liquid when served.	statement	db
Could do with a few more food options, which is the only reason why this is a four-star vote.	statement	db
Bonus ONE: They have a simple but comprehensive buffet bar where you can get more white Jap rice and there's another pot of mushroom flavoured rice.	statement	db
To be honest though I wasnt as excited about it when I got there.	statement	db
Though, the restaurant can also be a bit noisy when there is promotional events on the main ground floor area of the mall.	statement	db
""Florence, you have to try Hainanese Chicken Rice when you go to  Singapore!	statement	db
Not much time to search Yelp, a lack of knowledge of where I would be in Singapore, and absurdly slow internet the few days prior to when I would be there, led me to just following the crowd to where we would eat chicken rice.	statement	db
Sin Swee Kee is where I ended up.	statement	db
This, I thought definitely lacked the flavor and aroma of what chicken rice should have.	statement	db
The first one was a few years ago when my dad attempted this dish, and the second was the day before at Universal Studios Singapore.	statement	db
For my dad's first time trying Hainanese Chicken Rice a few years ago, I remember that being WAYY better than what I was served here.	statement	db
Just what I needed on my first night back in Singapore.	statement	db
If the stall is what it claims to be, then the best should be in their fundamental dish, and hence, I went there during lunch time one day and ordered the white chicken rice.	statement	db
Best had it when its still pipping hot with the melted cheese flowing like lava.	statement	db
My only gripe is how slow the service sometimes is, and how the aunty always seems to get at least 1 in 5 orders mixed up, resulting in even more delay trying to figure out what went wrong.	statement	db
I first heard of Lai Heng char kway teow from a local food blogger, as one of the old char kway teow families who have passed down the tradition for up to 4 generations.	statement	db
6oz has taken over what used to be Coffee Bean and has done very well!	statement	db
I know there is a massive oven inside, but still, it's quite uncomfortable (tip: there is a fan by one table which is where I would sit).	statement	db
This is one of the first few japanese restaurants that mushroomed up in Mohd Sultan back in 2007 when mohd sultan faced a dynamic shift to family friendly restaurants from clubbing scene.	statement	db
Till this day, I still love to dine here when I am in search for some nice bentos.	statement	db
I taste the mondo mio signature pasta,and though I felt it was too pricey, when I did dig into it, the price seems rather fair.	statement	db
Here what is great is how there are no hard and fast rules.	statement	db
We were more than happy to taste something according to what we had liked since the server asked us what we were the flavours we usually prefer.	statement	db
To be honest, everything BUT the food was good when we ate there this past weekend.	statement	db
It strikes me as a neighborhood joint where you can pick up a pizza/pasta to go or dine in with a book if you felt like it.	statement	db
Will definitely recommend this place to others and will return when I make another visit!	statement	db
I'll save this place when I want to indulge, but for now, I'm quite happy with the soups at Tanjong Pagar Makret.	statement	db
Came in on a Friday around 2pm when the lunch crowd dies down.	statement	db
Was the only customer there so I was able to get a seat where the chefs prepare the donburi.	statement	db
Space it is an open kitchen layout and there is a part of the restaurant where they make sushi with the fresh ingredients.	statement	db
Alright, that's what I think so it won't sound as bad.	statement	db
Then I knew what it's supposed to really taste like.	statement	db
The steamed veggies were just average but we're simple and just what I needed.	statement	db
The service was average but they always said ""Bonjour"" when a new group came in which was slightly annoying.	statement	db
I came late but my friends who were queuing waited an hour for the dinner.	statement	db
Most of them end up being a social event where brains and experiences are synchronized at the expense of a proper feeding.	statement	db
Lunch sets aren't bad for $12-20 though the selection is rather limited, especially when you have plenty of Japanese restaurants nearby and within walking distance.	statement	db
When I was going up the escalator to come here, there was a baby who was crying and being fussy.	statement	db
This joint is literally located under my house, so I decided to pop in and see what they had.	statement	db
This was my go to place for coffee in the morning when I was working in the area almost 10 years ago.	statement	db
I like Coffee & Toast when I have a craving for a Singaporean breakfast.	statement	db
I've been to a couple of tachinomi joints in Tokyo when I was there on holiday and I must say that while Juban Stand isn't really the same (it's got chairs!	statement	db
But the best thing of all, is that the prices are very similar to what tachinomi's charge in Tokyo (well okay, a little more thanks to the current exchange rate), and is very affordable for the quality of food they serve.	statement	db
There's also a little section where you can buy unique gift items like piggy banks, picture frames, tiny flowers, all really cool stuff that you don't see at normal stores.	statement	db
I loved the general Asian theme, but with some western staples like prime rib (presented half cooked, and then seared to your preferred level of well-done when ordered).	statement	db
It was just overall quite.. bland, without any substantial flavor, and what little flavor it has is saltish and reeks of MSG.	statement	db
For what I'm paying, I've had a lot better.	statement	db
Guys, if you haven't, please just try this when you are at the Capitol.	statement	db
My 'go to' place in Singapore when you do not want to miss out on any sport from back home.	statement	db
The fresh squeezed orange juice was good, hence why the review is 2 stars and not one.	statement	db
(Frankly, I'm not sure how you justify this when you have two open face melts with the same name)...  Our vegetarian friend was left staring aghast at an open face turkey melt...	statement	db
So, when I saw that there was a Kangaroo meat pizza it was a bit intriguing.	statement	db
Just for kicks, we also ordered the huevos rancheros - that's what mexicans have for brunch and its made of scrambled eggs, refried beans, salsa, avocado and crispy tortillas.	statement	db
The sandwich menu changes weekly depending on what's in season and what the chef feels like making, so there's always something new to try.	statement	db
Wednesdays is beer and burger night where their great wagyu burgers + a beer is $25 and also pint night ($10 for a pint).	statement	db
The crowd is mainly expats, lots of Aussies and people who live around the area.	statement	db
Well, finally, for the icing on the cake, the bill came out to be very reasonable, definitely a fraction of what will cost us even at the most inconspicuous corner restaurant in Paris!	statement	db
With all these stalls inside Maxwell Food Centre, I have no idea why I ended up here at Drinks & Desserts Corner.	statement	db
Baked Alaska ($16++) Baked ice cream topped with cotton candy, flambeed when served.	statement	db
It was quite a colorful dish when served.	statement	db
I had my hopes up when i spotted Ricotta Hotcakes ($14) on the menu, only to have them dashed when i took the first bite.	statement	db
Do it the meatless way, for the buns aren't worth the calories, even when buttered and toasted.	statement	db
The galettes were only lukewarm when served, but otherwise they were quite ok.	statement	db
This confused me, since they had a stack of menus and what looked like a waiter milling about.	statement	db
And this location doesn't have a website but included what appears as the parent company.	statement	db
For those who dont know, their a similar species to the flounder, just that halibuts grow WAY larger.	statement	db
It cost me about $8 for what i ordered, the quality of the dish made it worth it, but i was not expecting such a price from a hawker centre (not so much if it was at a food court).	statement	db
Local tip: Ask for the food in a plastic bag when doing takeaway and they'll wave that $0.50 fee!	statement	db
Last night after stumbling out of a nearby bar where we enjoyed happy hour, four friends and I headed down Amoy Street in search of Korean BBQ.	statement	db
Not sure what their secret is, but it's the kind of dish that makes you want to return for more.	statement	db
This is a new concept where Mariko's used to be... the theme is now asian-fusion food with tea-infused cocktails.	statement	db
We didn't try food, but what we saw go by looked good (and plates were going back empty).	statement	db
I ask the waiter what type of fish is used.	statement	db
Prices also seem to change as and when they want.	statement	db
I also dislike how when I enquire for the price, they serve it to me and point to the cashier.	statement	db
Drinks and food may take a awhile when its gets busy.	statement	db
Basically, you pick and choose what fish/pork/beef you want, with whatever veggies and sauces and add-ons.	statement	db
Fat is decadent only when well seasoned and well-cooked.	statement	db
I remember them being overpriced for what they were.	statement	db
This place's saving grace was the ginormous parfait to share, and they put a sparkler when serving it, with a huge flourish.	statement	db
Hearing the early commotion of the Chinatown Complex, I decided to walk around the Food Court and see what stalls open at the buttcrack of dawn... this one stood out and I liked it.	statement	db
Ordering seemed a bit thought-provoking to me so when she chatted with me, I went along with her while pointing to a few things to get.	statement	db
This menu is created by Chef Francis Chong, who was previously with Long Beach.	statement	db
DIM SUM ..... who doesn't love it and who can resist it ......	statement	db
The food was a bit too salty, so that you don't really taste the ingredients as opposed to higher-end restaurants where you really taste the good quality ingredients, but that's given considering their price point.	statement	db
I know it's Singapore but I found the service a bit absent, and when the woman brought over my beer she did a terrible pour into a glass - all head, spilling way over onto the table.	statement	db
Our mains sea bass and duck confit came across as being cooked way in advance and just heated up when a customer places an order.	statement	db
Perhaps it was just a very casual dining place where service was kept at a minimal.	statement	db
The Duck confit was also pretty delicious and from what it seems is a crowd pleaser.	statement	db
No wait if you go right when they open, at 12pm for lunch and 6pm for dinner.	statement	db
It's hard to have a conversation or speak with the server, even when the restaurant is only at half-capacity, let alone when it's near full.	statement	db
The Cabernet Sauvignon was good for what it cost ($40).	statement	db
Went with the chicken cause from what I've seen of the food served on tables beside us if I went with anything else I, an average sized man, would leave the place hungry.	statement	db
Used the single napkin (that the cutlery usually sits upon when the table is set) provided to put in my lap.	statement	db
We joined the queue and was amused as there were more and more people commenting how surprised they were to see such a long queue when the place hasn't even opened yet!	statement	db
- Onion Soup - Cannot compare to what we had in Paris but I found The broth a tad too sweet for my liking.	statement	db
Good effort by local young people who graduated from our own Shatec though.	statement	db
She would of called us when our table was ready but we didn't have a phone.	statement	db
We looked over the menu so we could order when we sat down.	statement	db
What you pay for is what you will get.	statement	db
Ok, granted, it was on the smallish side.. but like what I mentioned before... the price.	statement	db
For someone like me who hates the taste of duck, I polished it off right down to the bone, so I'll say it's swell.	statement	db
Just remember though, what you pay for is what you will get, so don't be expecting too much from this place.	statement	db
The French food here exceeded my expectations immensely for what it's worth.	statement	db
[they are worth 3.5 instead]  During the Middle Ages, the French diets and cooking techniques hardly changed unlike the current, when more and more refined ones are notably seen in most restaurants - a changed in the dietary norm shaping most palate of our era.	statement	db
Hardly less exorbitant anywhere, except at Saveur where prices are friendly.	statement	db
I feel good to be poked at when the chili oil smeared my lips, while chewing the sakura ebi that capped the surface of that angel hair - cooked al dente.	statement	db
Less interesting but the boring greens were made alive when you nibbled at those duck confit shreds - the salty elements (milder than a traditional duck confit) mingled with a hint of tang from the lemon vinaigrette, coupled with some zesty orange wedge, cherry tomatoes, and a few teeny quail eggs, the composition was made to shine on the whole.	statement	db
I would ditch the delicate foie gras and pick the fresh salad when I revisit, barely $5.90 in exchanged for a $9.90.	statement	db
Braised in red wine, the meat was faced with resistance when forked through and chewy in the mouth.	statement	db
Yes, affordable, however you really do pay for what you get.	statement	db
There are long queues snaking outside the restaurant each time we walk or drive past during dining hours and when we finally got round to trying the food, we were not at all surprised!	statement	db
My friend commented that the Sakura Ebi was just a nice name for what we Singaporeans would usually refer to as Hay Bee though HAHA   The wait for the other two dishes was much longer,  but I was appeased when the Duck Confit arrived looking was absolutely delicious.	statement	db
After checking (again), we were about 3/4 through our entree when the foie gras finally arrived.	statement	db
The taste is lighter than the signature pasta and the spring onions gives each mouthful a refreshing burst when you bite into them.	statement	db
The waitresses were attentive, the check was fast when we asked for it and there is a semblance of a wait list system.	statement	db
This is one place where the line outside the door makes absolute, complete sense.	statement	db
She enjoyed her dish but I didn't particularly enjoy mine as the chunks of beef were very fatty when I was expecting something more tender.	statement	db
The long queue is a turn off though, so I'd probably only return to this place when its hype dies down.	statement	db
It was still tasty, just not what I was expecting.	statement	db
The meat was tender and flavorful, but what really made me fall in love with the dish was the mashed potatoes and the mushrooms.	statement	db
My friend had the chicken at $9.90, but when it came she was shocked because it's so small!	statement	db
She finished it so quickly and I could tell she was quite dissatisfied...  That's why I gave Saveur 3 stars.	statement	db
If I bring my boyfriend here (he has a huge appetite) a main wouldn't fill his tummy at all :( but I guess we get what we pay for, and we'll still return cos the angel hair pasta appetizer that almost every other table had looks yummy!	statement	db
Sure - sounds great when it was absolutely sweltering hot outside.	statement	db
There are better place where you could get much better food for just a bit more buck.	statement	db
The menu is simple and not exactly extensive, but the chef is good at what he does and prepares each dish with special care.	statement	db
I used to visit Jai Thai at Katong for lunch when I worked in that area.	statement	db
You could give it a try and let me know what you think though.	statement	db
Food here is pretty close to what you'd get in Thailand.	statement	db
Even for someone who comes from a line of chili kings & queens, Jai Thai sometimes gives me a stomach ache afterwards from the spiciness so I usually ask them to tone it down a bit.	statement	db
I prefer the chicken rice here when in this area, maybe because it serves roast chicken.	statement	db
Having prepared similar dish, I would say that it was quite good but not really what I would expected.	statement	db
Having tried only 2 dishes, I would definitely be back for more when chance come!	statement	db
Not sure why chicken rice isn't on their (rather extensive) menu, but that's the dish to get.	statement	db
This place is what a zichar place is like - hot, crowded, noisy and big tables with lazy susans in their middle.	statement	db
A typical local eatery with no airs about it and where people can just come and have a good meal at any time of the day.	statement	db
This place came recommended by a friend who lives here in Singapore.	statement	db
Our occasion was an extended work luncheon where we got to sample most of the beer and menu offerings.	statement	db
Will be back for a brew and sausage app when I am able.	statement	db
Great  house beer particularly like the pale lager and they do have decent choice for those who are not into beer be it wine or spirits, had asked for a JD coke one of those days when I didn't feel like another beer and it was really well mixed, don't know what they did but the proportions just seemed right!	statement	db
If this is what you're feeling on a Sunday morning, Paulaner Brauhaus fits your demands to a T.  Step in and be amazed at their triple storey restaurant that includes a bar and a brewery and an outdoors corner for those who like to bask in the sun on Sundays... but patrons flock here by the dozens for their fill of authentic Bavarian food fare.	statement	db
This is the only place in Singapore where you can taste freshly brewed Paulaner beer!	statement	db
I ate in the bar area and glad I did - when I went upstairs to the restroom they were playing some really annoying German folk music up there.	statement	db
If you're looking for a little conversation, sit outside as the inside can get quite noisy when the bands start to play.	statement	db
Came here three years ago for our anniversary and after a great time here, we recently revisited when my mom was in town again.	statement	db
Besides the usual menu, the staff also make his offers on what is in season by using a ""daily special cart"".	statement	db
Even when covers in a glass cover, one can easily smells the earthy pungent smell.	statement	db
No matter where I am, I always have this thing about Lunch Specials!	statement	db
Purvis Street where Gunther's located is quite interesting.	statement	db
There are a couple of choices for Appetizer and Main, and  I decided on the following:  Green Asparagus with Ravioli Foie Gras - I just could not resist when I saw foie gras on the menu.	statement	db
We're not completely sure what made us go there, but we decided to go there to celebrate our 2nd anniversary.	statement	db
Le wife had what I think was their signature dish, the cold angel hair with caviar.	statement	db
If a decision to give a customer and each of his guests what they wanted to eat required top manager approval then I was obviously talking to the wrong restaurant.	statement	db
Everyone got exactly what they wanted and was extremely pleased with the quality of the food, the ambience and the attentive service.	statement	db
There are not enough upmarket restaurants in Singapore where you can get a fantastic meal served by friendly staff who are happy to meet your requests rather than insisting that you confine your expectations to the limits of their policies.	statement	db
I owe it to Ms. Eunice Quek from The Straits Times where her review on the restaurant was published.	statement	db
I am attracted to overall dark ambience with huge swordsman pictures and their open kitchen when I arrived.	statement	db
The noodles are served within 15-20mins upon ordering (in the background, you could hear the chef yelling out loud as he pull the noodle when its cooked) , and it arrived at the right time when we are done with the Gyōza.	statement	db
No wonder why it's not so busy anymore.	statement	db
I would definitely go back again to try the tsukemen ramen or if I was craving ramen when I'm at Raffles City but I will probably not make a trip down specially for their ramen.	statement	db
I have always craved for Tsukemen, and when Menya opened I was hoping that this will be The One.	statement	db
While I was tempted to push to limit and go 5 times noodle, I refrained from the gluttony and just did 2 times, since I was rather hungry when I walked in.	statement	db
The only gripe I had was the end, where I had hope to slurp up my broth like a soup.	statement	db
We always visit Yhangtai Palace when we stay at Intercontinental Hotel in Bugis, Singapore.	statement	db
The meals come when ready so not starter then main style but that was fine for us.	statement	db
The best Thai food I have ever eaten outside of Thailand (and I consider myself quiet picky when it comes to food).	statement	db
In Australia we're treated to a grand choice of Thai cuisine, but this is hands down the best Thai I've eaten, including when I've been to various places in Thailand.	statement	db
The one thing I will warn of though, and this is by no means a negative, is that when a dish is typically served with chilli in Thailand, expect it to be close to as hot as the Thais like it.	statement	db
In Australia we're used to ""white person"" hot where the dishes have a mild kick and it was a (somewhat welcome) surprise to have some face-melting chilli in the mix.	statement	db
I also assume this is why locals order more modest (aka bland) dishes and we were the only ones with interesting looking food on our plates.	statement	db
Good overall restaurant, though pricy for what you get and staff a bit more focused on the drink than the food.	statement	db
But when you spoon the dip on.. Mm!	statement	db
Not really what I expected - I thought the normal was durian on the side and glutinous rice, the way mango and sticky rice is served.	statement	db
*Note: Place gets crowded from around 7.30pm onwards when everyone starts to walk in.	statement	db
Previously $12 for what was delicious nachos is now a disgraceful handful of cheap corn chips with dip straight from the Super market.	statement	db
The other staff who was handling the cashier was also courteous and asked me whether I would need plastic spoons to go along with my desserts.	statement	db
I was in for a bit of shock when I first saw it, but I realized that if you have the fillings separated from the crepe the crepe would taste much better and it would not become soggy.	statement	db
The taste was amazing, where the crepe is still a bit warm and the ice cream is still cold.	statement	db
The husband and wife team who run this gem are lovely.	statement	db
This is my second visit to Singapore but when I'm in town, I always try to visit :-)	statement	db
When I am craving crepes this will be where I will look to first.	statement	db
a moist buchetta with a main chicken and caramelised onion crepes was strangely filling and quite a joy to have especially for one who loves getting his taste buds teased at every bite.	statement	db
Anyone who can make such a simple dessert taste amazing has earned my respect.	statement	db
Since my former company works with them, I asked Miguel if we could see what their menu looked like.	statement	db
However, I started kicking myself when I tried my wife's Wagyu steak and frites!	statement	db
this second dessert I thought very good - but it might be a little too rich for all you people (whomI don't understand) who prefer your sweets a little more ephemeral.	statement	db
Yet Con is one of those places where it feels and LOOKS as if it was a place your parents went on dates at.	statement	db
Traditional Hainanese Chicken and rice is what this place is famous for.	statement	db
Our friends and family who live here brought us here and the food did not disappoint!	statement	db
The Hainanese chicken was juicy and plated like it came out of your own kitchen, if you know what I mean, they don't get a ""10"" for plating aesthetics, but the taste sure makes up for it.	statement	db
Air-conditioning and basic chicken rice fare is what you'll get here.	statement	db
Hainanese Chicken Rice is one of the most eaten food when one travels to Singapore.	statement	db
I was a little antsy when I saw the deco of Yet Con.	statement	db
Trust me, you would appreciate that when it is 40 C + with humidity!	statement	db
You may not get the right combination the first time, but we finally got to what we like after a while.	statement	db
I love Yet Con for the dark, thick, rich soy sauce, and for, when you are lucky enough to get it, their roast pork.	statement	db
This place is one you can feel nostalgic in, as you have a feel of what olden-day Singapore would look like.	statement	db
The setting is traditional and vintage, which seems to be what attracts the crowd.	statement	db
Food : We like the chicken rice and the chicken itself is decent, but what we REALLY love are the Hainanese pork chops.	statement	db
Yup, that's exactly what this place is!	statement	db
I can't even remember what I ate!	statement	db
But when the bill came, it was around the same price as Mozza, and it just didn't blow us away, so I think I'll head to Marina Bay Sands next time.	statement	db
The staff was warm and friendly, and not to say attentive and accommodating when taking our orders.	statement	db
Closed one's eyes, it was like butter popcorn which one usually have when watching movies, with popping effect in the mouth.	statement	db
Sort-of new kid of the block located along Purvis Street where the big boys' rules' - from fine dining establishments like Garibaldi Italian Restaurant and Gunther's to local favorites; Yet Con, Chin Chin eating house, Saveur among others.	statement	db
Here's the list of what we ate throughout the 4-hour dinner last night: -    Small Plate  Sweetbreads - with cabbage, granola and saltbush ($10)  Tripe (fried) - with tongarashi, Szechuan and caponata puree ($15) Chef's selection of charcuterie ($28) Crab - with uni, apple and asparagus ($25) Corn (roasted) - with spiced cheese, manchego and chives ($9) Kale (roasted) - with homemade cheese and nuts ($10) Burrata - with pickled tomato, basil oil and pine nuts ($12)  Cauliflower -with burnt butter tahini, piccalilli and dandelion ($10)  Main OP ribs - 1.2 kg of ribeye ($198) Iberico pork collar - with apple, nuts and mustard ($42) Roast chicken (half) - with beer sauce, house rub and black garlic ($22)  Dessert Chocolate salami - with salted caramel and chocolate meringue ($16) Figs - with yogurt ice-cream, nasturtium and Pedro ximenez sherry ($14) Popcorn - with corn and raspberry textures ($10) Chocolate tart - specials.	statement	db
Ultimately, service and decor take a back seat to food and flavour for me and this is where S&H really fails to deliver.	statement	db
The people who work there were extremely friendly though, and tried to get me to wait for a bit for a seat, but I opted to get the takeout anyway.	statement	db
Admittedly, what attracted me there in the first place was their large sign for Laksa.	statement	db
The sauce used here is savory, instead of the local style where the fried kway teow is sweeter.	statement	db
Although the staff saw that we had left much of the batter untouch when clearing the plates, no one asked us about the food.	statement	db
The first which I notice when the dish was served, was that the pancakes were super thick in size.	statement	db
I've heard lots of excited rumblings of course, and friends who used to live in New York were thrilled about its opening.	statement	db
I don't know why but seeing a badly sliced and sloppily presented cake annoyed me.	statement	db
I'm from the South, so you better bring your A game when it comes to biscuits.	statement	db
The cheese looked like it was under a heat lamp for the last hour, the hashbrowns were burnt, and the one side of the biscuit had what looked like a tomato sauce on it.	statement	db
The waitress was nice enough to ask me what was wrong in which I told her it looked like my meal came from when Bush was President, and asked if I wanted a replacement.	statement	db
Has the typical American bistro surroundings so for those that miss home, this is where you should be going to.	statement	db
Could tell they didn't know how to cook cheese & grits and it is not like what it's meant to be like.	statement	db
My question was answered when I made the mistake of ordering the cheese grits.	statement	db
If you go on the weekend I would get there when it opens if you don't want to wait.	statement	db
If you're the type who doesn't like sweet-tasting mocha, then this is the place.	statement	db
The pancakes were sooooo fluffy and when paired with the sour-ish berries and sweet syrup, it was great!	statement	db
So, I have no idea why the service (refills, order taken, food coming out at different times) was slow.	statement	db
Unfortunately, there were several areas where Clinton Street really struggled.	statement	db
Second, when we arrived for brunch, two of the three pies of the day were unavailable.	statement	db
There aren't alot of ingredients ala what you'd get on the street in Thailand, but the fresh prawns, to-die-for Thai fish cake (only 1 measly piece sliced in half), crunchy beansprouts, minced chicken and garlic is just...perfect.	statement	db
Perfectly golden brown, crisp and when I bit into one, clear Chicken juices sprayed forth on my iPhone.	statement	db
Dropped in when I saw their curious fusion Asian/Italian dishes on the menu.	statement	db
It's the sort of place we'll probably return to relatively often, especially when we were stuffed for a ridiculous $23 nett for 2 (with the Palate discount).	statement	db
I went to this restaurant when it just opened at Tan Quee Lan street.	statement	db
For those who knew about Humble Loaf, which was previously at Katong Shopping Centre, Gastrosmiths is the bigger and better version of it!	statement	db
Mains:  When Gastrosmiths was still Humble Loaf, I absolutely ADORED the mushroom sandwich they served.	statement	db
So when I found out from the server that they still serve it (only elevated in taste) at Gastrosmiths, I knew I had to get my hands (literally) on it.	statement	db
This dish was supposed to come with a 63 degree egg on top where you would mix it with the rice and beef together before eating it...	statement	db
Even for someone who has never been a fan of beef, I had a few bites.	statement	db
Was slightly apprehensive because the restaurant was completely empty when we arrived for dinner at 8 on a Thursday night.	statement	db
As I'm still on the No dairy/grains/carbs diet, I informed them, and patiently asked the chef about each of the dishes I was interested in, and advised me based on what the ingredients were.	statement	db
I have a short term memory so unless the food is so good, i wouldn't be remembering this restaurant when i have craving for Italian food.	statement	db
So decided that Italian would be what I would go with.	statement	db
There's only enough left for my husband to have half a glass--which is why she brought 2 bottles.	statement	db
Once in a while, I am blessed with an experience where I don't have to discount or agonize over a 5 star review.	statement	db
We braced ourselves for their poor services when we came here for dinner.	statement	db
The atmosphere has a Mediterranean feel with soft Turkish music playing in the background and an open concept kitchen with a see through window where you can see how the kebab is prepared.	statement	db
Jumbo Kebap Combo $38.90 The Jumbo Kebap Combo is great for those that love their meat but can't quite decide what to get.	statement	db
I'm not so sure why the menu description says it comes with 'cracked wheat', since the plate seemed more like a generous platter of vegetables, protein and carbohydrates.	statement	db
If this isn't a well-balanced dish, I don't know what is.	statement	db
And what looked like a different take on salsa didn't taste remotely fresh.	statement	db
Located at Shaw Towers, where all the good food resides, is Sofra Turkish Café and Restaurant that specializes in Middle-eastern Turkish halal fare.	statement	db
The bread was served fresh and fluffy and tasted delightful when dipped in Hummus, which is basically mashed chickpeas with spices.	statement	db
If you want a view, go up to level 2 where they have an alfresco bar.	statement	db
This place caught my eyes when i was over at the makan sutra place a few weeks ago.	statement	db
Here's what we ordered:  - Beef Antichucos - delicious!	statement	db
First entering d place the deco were nice n relaxing where you can gather with friends and have a nice meal and drinks.	statement	db
Westerners like myself who live in Singapore get used to the below par service that is the reality here but boy is it terrible here.	statement	db
Poor attitude from manager who only looks up from his laptop to give you indifferent stares.	statement	db
And that's where it went off track.	statement	db
He was desperate to taste it again that he bought a frozen packet of these shrimps from IKEA but, it tasted nowhere as close to what he remembers.	statement	db
On the service front, I reckon the service at Arab st's outlet is better because I remember being placated with a free soup when they forgot my order there once.	statement	db
However what I got was some parts of chicken, really SMALL amount of edible meat and lots of oily skin...plus half-boiled potatoes.	statement	db
Overall the serving is quite huge and the two of us cannot finish it even thought we are both very hungry when we start eating.	statement	db
To be honest, I wasn't sure what to feel.	statement	db
Although the old outlet in Orchard was dated, it had this '90s American feel and pictures of the original Tony Roma's that really communicated what the brand was all about.	statement	db
The original location had the Tony Roma's ambience with wooden decor, exactly what you see in the U.S.	statement	db
For those who hate the smell or taste of cinnamon, fret not!	statement	db
Up in the Sky Garden is where we find Dallas.	statement	db
wow, what a crazy good buffet.	statement	db
came here a few times when having meetings in the Pan Pacific.	statement	db
There will be those who point to the less than responsive service of the floor staff, but I'm happy to overlook it if the service leadership team is so committed to good service that they take it personally.	statement	db
There were also different dining options for the holiday, so you may want to check on the different offerings based on when you plan to visit.	statement	db
I also want to warn you that their so-named barbecue is in fact an indoor table-top grill, where you place your orders for various cuts of meat.	statement	db
not what I'd named a barbecue (and I'll refrain from judging this insidious clever marketing) - and also not very good.	statement	db
Cooks are friendly and listen to what you want and how to prepare your eggs.	statement	db
I do not know what to justify the 10% service charge.	statement	db
So if you're someone like me who needs rice, it doesn't make sense to eat ala carte here.	statement	db
Many good foreign restaurants who set up shop here, they just import a brand with a story from say, Japan that has quality and care and does the opposite while milking all it's worth here in Singapore.	statement	db
They're not super-juicy, but the kind of gyozas where you can eat a dozen and feel ""healthy"" and still eat more.	statement	db
The noodles themselves were overcooked, soft to the point where there was virtually no texture.	statement	db
The skin wasn't crispy, the skins of the gyoza stuck to one another, while the gyoza themselves fell apart when you picked them up (the part of the dumpling where it's crimped to seal were ripping apart when you picked it up).	statement	db
Quick and good, especially in this place which is chockful of office workers who need to grab a quick bite.	statement	db
There's also some sort of special where you can get a soft drink for free with purchase of certain entrees.	statement	db
I'd recommend this restaurant to two kinds of people: those who are trying to show off our local cuisine or those who had not have salt in years.	statement	db
The idea of the dishes is cool and the service is rather quick but when it goes in your mouth it's rather salty to a fault.	statement	db
Overall, I'm not entirely upset with my experience but if I had to choose, a traditional coffee shop would do just fine when prices and tastes are involved.	statement	db
just when i thought there can't possibly be another good sushi restaurant, up pops ashino!	statement	db
for they are what a great sushi place should be.	statement	db
You'll need to do a bit of detective work to find exactly where the nondescript entrance to this place is.	statement	db
Ashino-san was formerly of Marina Bay Sands' Hide Yamamoto restaurant (I wrote a review about that one previously) which serves what I thought was substandard sushi for the high price.	statement	db
You walk inside and are immediately greeted by the hostess - one of what seems like only 3 people working there alongside Chef-Ashino and a behind the scenes chef.	statement	db
food, service and value were far below what should have been at such an iconic location  there was no one dining there when we got there at 6:30pm.	statement	db
my colleague ordered a cosmopolitan drink which was one of their specialty drinks and she had no idea what we were talking about.	statement	db
I think what we have here in Singapore are some of the most beautiful - and I've been to many around the world.	statement	db
We were served by a lovely lady called Kengar, who advised us on the food, and kept making sure everything was satisfactory.	statement	db
And what better place to do it than at the urban, casual-chic sister of the award winning restaurant.	statement	db
Service is excellent and prices are fair for what it's worth ($50-60 pp with no alcohol, although we did order bottled water).	statement	db
They will also ring you about 3 times to confirm your booking (even when I made the booking the day before).	statement	db
I had to ask for the check three times and when I asked the third time, I got the response: oh, you mean you want to bill (patronizing tone).	statement	db
and b) no need to be condescending, I am assuming that this place is frequented by a lot of tourists so I guess I am not the first one who asked for the check.	statement	db
It looks posh when you first enter but when you look closer you notice that the furniture and decor is not very well maintained.	statement	db
No wonder the place is half empty when we settled our check at 1pm on a weekend.	statement	db
Ok, Royal China, I think there are better dimsum restaurants who appreciate our business.	statement	db
Well I'm overdue for a review post (it's been A WEEK) so why not work backwards.	statement	db
I have no idea what the food's like on any other day or at any other time as all three times I've been here have been Sunday afternoons.	statement	db
I don't get why people say this place is 'posh'.	statement	db
Had to wait awhile for a few of the dishes we ordered and when they finally arrived the waitress did not apologise or seem sorry at all.	statement	db
On that note, I was suitably hungry when I stepped in, so ordering food was the fun part, and there's SO MUCH GOOD STUFF.	statement	db
Now I just have to make sure the food coma doesn't affect my memory of where that lift was...	statement	db
I'm a little late in the game when it comes to Royal China, but it's the one experience that led me to declare that no, not all hotel food is crap.	statement	db
As a result, the front of the restaurant where the reception counter is, gets rather crowded with people milling around.	statement	db
Late comers will know what I mean.	statement	db
There are several roaming staff members who fulfill different roles and work together to cover the tables.	statement	db
Salt lassi - good  Long cracker - good but a tad saltish  Appetiser - Pakora - vegetable (it is actually white onions within)  Garlic nann & plain nann & cherry naan (sweetish & surprisingly nice)  Tikki masala chicken - Nice; a wet fish food for those who don't like their food too dry  Okra - nice and crunchy with onions  Grilled prawns - sliced open and easy to cut - tastes good too  Tandoori chicken - quite nice and tender   Somehow the food was better when catered by a Friend.	statement	db
Probably it is because she knows what to order.	statement	db
This place offers a very good value for money weekday buffet promotion where 2 people can eat for ~S$35.	statement	db
The outlet was at first located at Parco Millenia Walk, and was later moved over to Suntec City when Parco Millenia Walk closed down.	statement	db
The outlet was known for its Crab stock ramen which did not sit well with Singaporeans who assoicated it with the local prawn noodle soup.	statement	db
Most felt that it was way too expensive when one could easily get a regular bowl of prawn noodle soup for $3.	statement	db
You can either chose to have your soup lighter or stronger and the noodles firmer or softer, great for people who like their noodles soggy.	statement	db
For those who love the ""essence"" from the head of the crab, this dish is for you.	statement	db
Overall, this restaurant is worth a visit, however, with it being this good, there's a reason why it didn't get a 5* from me.	statement	db
Crab ramen is not what I expected.	statement	db
tuna, salmon, fish roe, scallops and 2 other sashimis which I'm not too sure what they are called.	statement	db
Service lady was friendly, hospitable and good at doing business ;)  Lastly, not sure if this was the case for others, but I had ONE episode of diarrhoea after a meal of the Kaisendon here BUT because it was so nice, despite what happened, I am still back for more!	statement	db
I've been to the original Teppei quite many times, mainly because I have friends who love love his food, but it was never at the point that I was raving about it.	statement	db
I noticed this place just opening up last week, but when I finally decided to try it out today they're already so crowded!	statement	db
When I visited it, there were no Japanese servers, unlike what I've read.	statement	db
If you'd like to queue less you can call in and just collect it during lunchtime and eat in your office - that's what I figure could be a reason for their existence.	statement	db
I'm not exactly sure what the difference is between Chirashi and Kaisendon, but the premise is the same: Raw fish on top of a bed rice.	statement	db
Furthermore, there are a dozen of Japanese patrons, especially during lunch, who work at the various Japanese institutions that reside in the Millenia Walk area.	statement	db
(The chickens are all prepared in the morning and just cut up when someone orders it.	statement	db
and be ready to walk out the door if they don't have what you want.	statement	db
While the batter is sufficiently light and not overly greasy, I always felt it's a waste of the ingredients when they are deep fried.	statement	db
It was .. different..  Not bad, but not what I normally expect of seared foie gras dish.	statement	db
We were a bit hungry after our 2 appetizers and 2 mains, so that's why I knock a star off.	statement	db
The serving size can be small depending on what you order, maybe next time we get a pasta dish instead of meat and that would fill us up.	statement	db
It was too simple and not exactly what we imagined despite the pretty picture in the menu.	statement	db
Their main courses at their stores are not too bad... just eat them fresh at the Pizza Hut stores... when you order them, they come in a sorry container.	statement	db
It really its up to you what you are in the mood for.	statement	db
Unfortunately, this speed comes with a lack of consistency in terms of food quality, particularly during the lunch hour when there is a long queue.	statement	db
I must say that the sweet potato fries is everything but ordinary, especially for someone like me who adores sweet potato fries.	statement	db
Lots of peanut and sauce :) As I recall (this was quite sometime ago), the tofu itself is a little different from what you normally get at Indonesian restaurants though, doesn't have the mountain of deep fried-ness.	statement	db
I remember when takoyaki first came to our shores back when I was still in secondary school and how everybody was so fascinated with these little balls of goodness.	statement	db
So I was pleasantly surprised when I tried the Tsukiji balls - the batter is extremely tasty and it is always nicely crisp on the outside.	statement	db
Having eaten proper takoyaki in japan, it was disappointing when all we had here was Takopachi  but thank god for these good people who bring to us good takoyaki.	statement	db
Dont know why it has such a bad rating.	statement	db
Most people who have been to St. Marc Cafe knows that they are famed for their chococro, a croissant filled with chocolate.	statement	db
Okay, so this is actually a restaurant as opposed to a pub, though since I am Australian I tend not to realise some of these things when I am overseas.	statement	db
Still, they have some nice outdoor seating where you and people watch (if there are many people passing through that is, which wasn't the case when I was here).	statement	db
Still the staff were friendly enough and it was fairly quiet when I went there, but it isn't a place I would visit all that often.	statement	db
Sing with me   Da hilllllls are aaaallliivveeee  With the sound of fooodies  Where soda comes in apple strudel flavouuur  Da hills are allliiive  With the sound of foodies  Where duck papardelle and sausages remain supreme   Drop the beat down   Food: good  Atmosphere : awesome but no twirling  Service : no nuns or singing groups...	statement	db
It took a while to figure out where the elevator/escalator to the 2nd floor was located.	statement	db
Suggestion #3 when you advertise your prices as $9.90 set lunch you are lying when it really is ++.	statement	db
As often happens to us here when urban exploring we found ourselves wandering aimlessly in a mall and became hungry.	statement	db
The place was rather empty when we arrived.	statement	db
The chirashi came with fairly standard fish, portions that left us wondering where we should get some mee pok afterwards, and at a price tag that was a little lofty.	statement	db
Again at about $18 (if I recall correctly), you were getting what you paid for.	statement	db
My advice is to stick with Teppei at Millennia Walk, where you get a humongous bowl of Kaisendon for about $17 and they creatively offer a salad option if you're on a no-carb diet.	statement	db
The salad was pretty fresh and the reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 3 was that the service was pretty commendable (and that I can't put a 3.5 stars).	statement	db
The lady serving the salad when your queue number was reached offered bread, which was complimentary and a pretty good piece of grain bread.	statement	db
Also, when I asked for a loyalty card, even though I did not meet the minimum spending, the cashier actually said that as it was my first time, she would still give it to me.	statement	db
Here's why I think the rating has come down a star:  - I ordered a tandoor salad with a mixed mesclun base.	statement	db
I asked the waitress why there was romaine and she pointed to 1 leaf and said, "" that's the mesclun.	statement	db
I don't even know where to start...  - the kitchen routinely forgets ingredients in the orders.	statement	db
I wanted to change 2 ingredients in my tandoor salad order and said so upfront then named what I wanted to swap.	statement	db
The dumplings are nearly all wrapping skin and what seafood is in them is all but lost.	statement	db
After the top dish touched the soiled countertop, it defied logic why he'd place the dish on top of the other bowl's noodles, but hey, what do I know.	statement	db
It is definitely worth a try but I spoke to many foreigners who didn't like the dish.	statement	db
I'm not sure what the hype is, but it's basically a pork noodle bowl (Bak Chor Mee) with minced pork, sliced pork, liver, meatballs, wontons, and salted fish.	statement	db
The sauce was what made it amazing!	statement	db
The condiments on top were what differentiated this from just noodles.	statement	db
While walking over, we were crossing our fingers as her friend who has ate there the day before, waited an hour during lunch and we were hoping that we would have better luck at 3.30 in the afternoon.	statement	db
The gf knows I have his obsession with it and she could see the excitement in me, knowing that I was not only finally going to satisfy my craving for minced pork noodles but was going to try what is apparently THE BEST minced pork noodles in Singapore now.	statement	db
While I went with the traditional Mee Pok (flat noodles) with Chilli, the gf, who doesn't take chilli went with the Mee Kia (thin noodles) with no chilli.	statement	db
I can't quite pin point exactly what made the vinegar so special, but it definitely wasn't any regular black vinegar that was used.	statement	db
I'm of Chiu chow descent so trust me when I tell you I love love love bak chor mee.	statement	db
I can see why they got a Michelin star.	statement	db
For those that don't speak Mandarin, I'm not sure how successful you'll be ordering food here as the guy who took our order did not speak Cantonese and spoke very very little English.	statement	db
A definite must try when coming to Singapore!!!	statement	db
As a tourist from the US who generally likes Asian noodle dishes I was intrigued by the favorable reviews of this eatery.	statement	db
It was fortunate that I had written down ""bak chor mee"" (even though I had no idea what this means beyond being a noodle dish -- I was being adventuresome), because there is no menu anywhere and the brusque but hard working staff doesn't seem to understand much English.	statement	db
but when it comes to having awesome nosh, singaporeans will need to scour every single nook and crany for the best.	statement	db
Every stands in line on the left where you pick up food and the guy will call you up to the right side to place your order.	statement	db
i really had no idea what he was doing.	statement	db
i don't see why it is so famous or special.	statement	db
When my wife asked me why I did not heed the Harvard Healthy Eating Plate recommendation to ""limit refined grains"", I answered, ""It is written, 'Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every bowl of bak chor mee that comes from the coffee shop on Crawford Lane.'""	statement	db
i was taken here not knowing what bak chor mee even was, nor what awaited me.	statement	db
You know the episode where Karl Pilkington goes to China, and when he treks the wall and goes 'it's not a Great wall.	statement	db
I only go when it is either the boss himself or the sous-chef.	statement	db
As in, they are handmade (at least that's what it seems) and cooked upon order.	statement	db
The crispy fried flatfish is what makes all TW difference for this bcm.	statement	db
But people who love it are queuing an average of 20-30 minutes for the food.	statement	db
Even though I am not their fan, I have friends around me who are and they make it a point to go all the way to Larvender MRT to have it.	statement	db
Those who are interested can try for themselves and they are open most of the days from 9.30am to 9pm except 1st and 3rd Monday of each month.	statement	db
My friend told me that the 'dry' one is what people think is the better one, so I tried it.	statement	db
I kind of get why Hill Street Tai Hwa Pork Noodles has its loyal following.	statement	db
The gravy here has a much higher ratio of vinegar than most bak chor mees do, which I suppose goes down well with those who like their noodles with an acidic kick.	statement	db
Just a note of caution if you're thinking of heading here for bak chor mee: They're supposed to close at 9 pm, but their actual closing time is when they run out of ingredients for the day, which, on the day I visited, was 7.30 pm.	statement	db
I was sort of shocked when i saw that the whole bowl was filled with oil, but i was told that this is actually the yardstick for all Bak Chor Mees in Singapore.	statement	db
It was time to see what's the fuss about when I decided to join the snaking queue in this coffeeshop tucked away in a sleepy estate of Crawford Lane.	statement	db
All I can say is I don't see what is so special about it.	statement	db
Not sure what lies in the $10 bowl but taste wise, it hits the BCM spot all the time.	statement	db
Not sure what else I can say other than that this is most definitely the best Bak Chor Mee in Singapore.	statement	db
One wonders why this doesn't feature in more minced pork noodles sold everywhere because it makes such a good combination!	statement	db
But while deciding on what to eat next, the screen came back to offline mode and you have to tap the screen to continue with your order.	statement	db
And your order number comes up after you confirmed what you ordered.	statement	db
Instead of going to pay for my bill, I sat down and noticed the crowd going to the counter and I was wondering why - figured out that was the payment area shortly.	statement	db
After payment, was given a beeper - let one knows when to collect the order.	statement	db
It was filled with the leftovers and the customers who sat earlier didn't clean after themselves.	statement	db
I had to ask the server who served me at the cashier to clean that area up but she was fast and efficient and we got our second seat pretty fast.	statement	db
Where the sushi is obtained from, and who the chef buys his fish from.	statement	db
This restaurant is for those who want high quality sushi, rather than a buffet of poor quality fish.	statement	db
The cuts of a fish were a little cold when we got them (and presented on ice), but 30 seconds on the plate, and they warmed up to the perfect temperature.	statement	db
I tried Souperlicious when they had a branch at Raffles Mall (almost near the City Hall MRT entrance).	statement	db
The Cuban Chimichanga ($16 with chicken, $18 with beef) was what i went to El Toro for.	statement	db
Tortilla Burger Meal (under $13sd) - This is based on the concept of Mcdonald next where you can create your own burger.	statement	db
Don't understand why it is there but it detracts from the overall experience.	statement	db
They had a choice of matcha and sakura (of course, the plain obesity are available too) when I was there last night.	statement	db
But most of all, I liked the elder citizen behind the counter who took our order and also personally prepared/cooked our udon.	statement	db
Love it when someone enjoys what they're doing and interfacing with the customers.	statement	db
The place was not crowded on Friday nite, when compared to its neighbouring restaurants.	statement	db
The noodles was a bit harder than what I was used to.	statement	db
Xiao Long Bao ($7++) The name of this dish was written in Japanese but the aunty who took my order told me it was xiao long bao.	statement	db
Not sure why I've been on a ramen binge lately, but I have.	statement	db
I was headed to a German beer place, when I chanced upon seeing this newly opened Ramen shop.	statement	db
The service here is a little iffy - the best tip is just to be vocal about what you want and when you want it, otherwise you'll be sitting patiently for a while.	statement	db
I walked up at 12:30 on a weekday when everyone and their mom was out for lunch and I was seated right away and attended to faithfully the entire time I was there.	statement	db
I had never heard of murtabak before but I decided to try it since this is what the place is known for.	statement	db
I have an annoying amount of self control when it comes to food, ie I stop before I'm full (I get food coma times a million so I just can't), but I actually ate the entire plate of murtabak.	statement	db
What can I say about this place it's the best place and must go to when you are in Singapore love love love this country, people and food you can find all kind of food Halal food so Muslims don't have to rely on seafood only	statement	db
The small is suppose to be $6 but when I saw the bill, the gentlemen charged us $8, SOOOOO I assume that he gave us the medium-sized Murtabak.	statement	db
TRY IT WHEN YOU ARE IN SINGAPORE!	statement	db
If you have to try couple of things, I recommend the mutton biryani (hayderabadi dum biryani where the meat is hidden under the rice and there is plenty of it), and the chicken murtabak.	statement	db
I like to bring my friends here when they visit for a taste of Singapore - the murtabak is the best EVER and a MUST EAT.	statement	db
Extremely painful wait for service for many years.But when my friend did a takeaway, it was speedy.	statement	db
This gets five stars for what it is, a local Indian shop, not all five stars are the same; this is cheap tasty and casual five star.	statement	db
This is where I was first introduced to Murtabak and it has spoiled all others to follow.	statement	db
Only thing good is the murtabak where they add mutton bits on the outside of the prata too..	statement	db
For me, that is what a typical teh is.	statement	db
Zam Zam is where grandpa brought dad for murtabak.	statement	db
And where my dad brought me.	statement	db
I wouldn't know what to order otherwise since I don't often eat Malay food!	statement	db
I was so full from everything else and that dish was so HUGE I didn't know where to start.	statement	db
Going off their facial expressions, sound effects and speed: when they  realized what they had, removing the packaging, and digging in, I would give the fish dish a 9.	statement	db
The murtabak was far less greasy than what I had experienced elsewhere, and the sauce that came with it was nice and spicy.	statement	db
So, strict no no...for people who don't eat beef.	statement	db
Actually, my dinner at Podi did not turn out as bad as the online reviews, perhaps because we picked the right dishes and it was a non-crowded weekday evening when you can dine at ease with less noise pollution.	statement	db
It was the assorted bread served alongside that made the difference when you dipped into the sauce.	statement	db
Don't expect traditional Japanese dishes here, these dishes are more for those who fancy a little bit of fusion, and more refined.	statement	db
They serve delicious cocktail drinks also, and at one side of the restaurant, there's a bar where you CA just sit by and enjoy the bartenders' antics, while people watching.	statement	db
Time was not what I had, so I made sure i ordered everything I wanted to try correctly the first time with absolutely no regrets.	statement	db
Being a yakiniku noob who wanted to make sure I didn't screw up cooking any of these expensive beef cuts, I asked for assistance.	statement	db
My waitress admitted she wasn't that qualified to be of good help but decided to call in one of the kitchen chefs who was very friendly, seemed knowledgable and took his time demonstrating for me how to cook each cut and at the same time explaining to me which part of the cow it came from, and what kind of ""bite"" or flavour or texture to expect.	statement	db
To sum it up, this was what I ordered and their ratings -   1.	statement	db
I did however only pay $80 because of the $100 voucher, which means I actually found it still a wee bit pricy for what it was worth.	statement	db
For me, Yazawa still sets the standard when it comes to yakiniku of this price range, but not to say that Gyuu isn't good.	statement	db
I decided to try it here when I needed a place with no queue and served food fast.	statement	db
There is a saying ""You get what you pay for.""	statement	db
So yes, I'll still come back on days when I feel that I can tolerate cheap Japanese food (or rather when the purse demands a break) but I wont be raving about it.	statement	db
There have been instances when the anaconda sized lines become somewhat a fire hazard and a semi-road block for people trying to get to or away from the escalators.	statement	db
The sight really increased my curiosity at what could possibly entice people to line up for a conveyer belt sushi manufacturing plant (which I've always considered to be junk sushi).	statement	db
I also agreed to the miso soup (considered one plate) recommended by the server when first seated.	statement	db
Now that is quite something, especially when it costs 2-4 times the price in your other sushi chains.	statement	db
They used to have a menu that is pretty similar to the taiwan chain but they took out the menu and what ever you can find on the belt  would be the all the food they serve.	statement	db
In conclusion, not an ideal place to wait and queue for a long time when the food serve is so so.	statement	db
I find the quality to be on par with Sakae Sushi, though for what you pay it is certainly not going to be Sushi Tei level.	statement	db
Just remember to skip the miso soup they try to sell you when you first sit down because that is one fishy nasty soup.	statement	db
It's $120 and it used to be less back when inflation wasn't so crazy but at least you're paying for good edomae sushi and it's cheaper than flying to Tokyo for Sushi Sho.	statement	db
I'm sure there are better laksa places for the locals, but this will do the job if you're visiting and wanted to see what the hype is all about!	statement	db
You tell them how many bowls you want, when there are still customers in front of you, so they can start preparing them.	statement	db
Just like the traditional way of eating, there is no use of chopsticks for the noodles as the long noodles were  Laksa - $3  Gravy is not spicy and that is one of the reasons why I started loving it when I was a kid.	statement	db
that's where the easy parts end.	statement	db
some have missed out because they keep coming on a wednesday when they are......CLOSED!	statement	db
also they are more a morning/lunch business, so come early as they will close as and when they sell out.	statement	db
Slap your momma good, haha, really for the price and what you get you this is a can't miss.	statement	db
I was expecting half hype, half failure when I stood in line but I was pretty much blown away by the price point and the quality of food.	statement	db
First of all the color of it look amazing, than the amount of fresh cockles you get in your order was way more than what $4 will get you, I was expecting 3 or 4 pieces but it was a nice big spoonful of them.	statement	db
I guess that's where half the flavor comes from (the broth).	statement	db
This is the first time I've had laksa with only a spoon, and I now appreciate why they do so.	statement	db
It really tastes fantastic when you slurp it all up by the spoonful!	statement	db
While I cannot profess to be a connoisseur of laksa as a speciality dish, I will say that I know a bowl of tasty when it's put in front of me.	statement	db
I rarely ever finish the soup when I eat noodles as I always feel like restaurant soup noodles use a lot of msg or salt in their soup.	statement	db
However, this was one of those times where I drank all the soup, licked the bowl, and still wanted more!	statement	db
After queuing for what seemed like ages, I got a small bowl with steaming laksa, and from what I could make out, lots of cockles.	statement	db
The atmosphere is really very authentic- I was the only caucasian eating there today, and it's a nice refuge from the rain in monsoon season - I escaped a total downpour walking into the stall area :-)  If you're really hungry one bowl won't suffice though, but you'll be spoiled for choice as to what to eat next from the other stalls.	statement	db
My sister was complaining when I made her follow me and took the trek to have mid morning snack.	statement	db
But it was all worth it when she ate that whole bowl all by herself!	statement	db
It was empty and she even drank all the soup when I went and get us a barley drink!	statement	db
Worth getting there early to beat the rush as it was not busy at all when I was there.	statement	db
Located at Jalan Berseh Road near the Jalan Berseh Food Centre & along the Old Sungei Road is a small hawker centre where this bowl of traditional laksa is served.	statement	db
It's the place where I can find the most authentic laksa flavor in Singapore.""	statement	db
Just the place where some people cook this great soup for just S$2.	statement	db
What's best is that it is only $2, where can you find such delicious food at such a great price.	statement	db
It comes with this delightfully soft-cooked egg that has an oozing yolk when you pierce it.	statement	db
One star off because we dined outside where the only relief from the heat was a fan and some shade.	statement	db
The best part was the smashed avocado spread on the toast - it was salted nicely and went beautifully when you get a piece of toast with avocado, haloumi and mushroom all in one bite.	statement	db
Great for all occasions and usually packed from what I remember.	statement	db
Well, I think it all depends on what you order and how you order.	statement	db
One of very few places I will truly miss when I leave Singapore!	statement	db
(Yes, regardless of how delicious their food is, some restaurants just puzzle me with what cuisine they are serving to me.)	statement	db
Not too chewy, but I can tell it's good quality & actually understand why this is a separate item to be ordered rather than served on the side, although I complained above on not coming with my hummus order.	statement	db
I'd say this is the prime example of what I meant by 'creative while staying true to the root'.	statement	db
Ice cream wasn't rich either (actually tasted a bit of icy-ness, which is what I taste when ice cream melts & then re-freezes.)	statement	db
I look for a lot of things when visiting a restaurant, but here food speaks for the brand.	statement	db
I have passed by several times when I visited Objectifs next door and the restaurant space always looks a bit crammed so I assume it was mostly outdoors.	statement	db
Thanks to my beautiful friend who arrived first, I didn't have to queue to get a table for a Saturday brunch.	statement	db
The pita bread is still warm when I start dipping it into the hummus.	statement	db
Excellent ambience, just what I was in the mood for this evening.	statement	db
Turns out, the host who seated us was very rude, almost as if he was uninterested in our patronage.	statement	db
Maybe that's why when I started on my haloumi and mushrooms, it tasted bland, a mere shadow of what it used to be.	statement	db
The décor of this place is quite rustic, and it reminds me of some of the places we used to frequent in New York City where the chef cares very much about the food and nothing else.	statement	db
All of the raves of this place must be fake or by people who have no idea what food should taste like.	statement	db
They completed botched our order- three of the dishes were wrong, and when we asked for the correct dishes, it took an additional 45 minutes to get the proper dishes delivered.	statement	db
Not what I was expecting - the pudding was topped with what I can only describe as date-flavored jello.	statement	db
Note: -Not sure about the reservation system as when I walked in the wait times I was quoted ended up being rather exaggerated.	statement	db
-You get a tiny packet of gummy candies as a ""goodbye"" when you leave.	statement	db
I think Artichoke is having a bit of an identity crisis as I'm not sure what sort of brand it's going for (if it's going for one at all) I would suggest coming here with a group of friends.	statement	db
We ordered something different, so that we could try, and I must say we're pleased that what we ordered gave us a good taste of what Artichoke can offer.	statement	db
I know I should have written one right from the start when Yelp became an SG phenomenon.	statement	db
I have my Turkish haunts when I have that itch for endless eggplants, but talking about true comfort meeting epicurean, try this 'middle eatery/ modern eastern' establishment.	statement	db
Expect very different flavours from what you are used to.	statement	db
Even people who do not usually eat lamb found it very good here!	statement	db
The quality menu was lost on its servers though, who were clueless as to what the menu contained, what the ingredients were, and what they themselves were doing there.	statement	db
Needless to say, service was slow and confusing, but it was hard to be mad at the servers who were so utterly clueless.	statement	db
If this is what organic tastes like I won't mind having all my food be organic.	statement	db
You know things are going to roll downhill when the waitress tells you the only crabs available are Irish brown crabs; this is after we've arrived at the restaurant at 6.45pm, imagine we had a later booking.	statement	db
It only gets worse when she tells you that the only way to get both Chilli crab & the Pepper crab is to order the Alaskan King crab at $200 /kg with a minimum size of 2kg.	statement	db
Later when we ordered more fried mantou, since we had so much sauce, they arrived a minute after ordering, barely warm and definitely not just fried.	statement	db
The final straw came when we found out the price for coconuts.	statement	db
Garlic Steamed Lobster, Yang Chow and something vegetables with spinach where the soup is good are the orders.	statement	db
Hardly good value when the chilli sauce is not even nice.	statement	db
Granted service can be a bit erratic when the place is packed on weekends but it is my go to for quick dinners before and after performances at esplanade because the dishes always arrive promptly and they're often delicious.	statement	db
I'm annoyed that they didn't have the Sri Lankan crab, which is what we usually order since it's much cheaper than the Dungeness or Swedish crabs.	statement	db
They never seem to have it in stock, and the waitress gave me such an attitude when I asked when they would have it again.	statement	db
She told us they had it just the other day and that the restaurant wouldn't know when the supplier would deliver it again.	statement	db
They also tried to charge us for tea and when I said we didn't order it, the waiter (we had different waiters with each interaction) doubted me and he didn't apologize until he made complete sure that we didn't try to rip him off for the 7$ tea... As if.	statement	db
It looked like it may have been a much nicer place when it first opened then it is currently.	statement	db
We went here because my friend who was visiting really wanted Chili Crab and a local resident friend recommended this restaurant though maybe she meant a different location.	statement	db
We had the tasting menu for $199 for 2 pax which is reasonable for the quantity of food (if you just orders chili crab it would be the price of the tasting menu)  The service staff is very passive, rarely explaining what things are when serving and serves the food whenever it's done rather than asking if you'd like to proceed to the next course.	statement	db
We usually come here when bringing guests from other countries due to its perfect location in Esplanade with beautiful views of both Marina bay sands and Fullerton hotels.	statement	db
If there is this much price difference between the two, i think a moral restaurant would and should state the price when asking a customer whether they want the ""other (expensive) kind.""	statement	db
We were shocked when our bill came and it was $1500+ for 10 pax.	statement	db
Last Tuesday, I was back there for a team business dinner and my Chinese-speaking officemates ordered -- so I couldn't make what they were ordering.	statement	db
Their bred is decent when toasted but the one that's free on the side is actually very chewy... not a fan.	statement	db
Dim Sum, Dum Sum, Dim Sum is usually the thought than runs through my head once a week as I sit at my desk thinking of where to eat for lunch.	statement	db
Maybe all the fuss is about the roof deck and the food, but when we came in around opening time, we weren't offered either, and settled for drinks in the basement.	statement	db
It was still possible to have a drink on the ground floor where they had a few tables set-up by the pavement, but we couldn't access the rooftop which was our primary reason for being there in the first place.	statement	db
As you take the lift up to the rooftop where Mr Punch is located, an interesting string of words on the lift door greets you.	statement	db
Namely, ""Whoever has the most toys when he dies wins"".	statement	db
One of the best times to visit this bar/restaurant would be on days where there are fireworks!	statement	db
Commonly available alcoholic drinks are also available, but the view is why I rate this bar highly.	statement	db
The ramen bowl I had was $14 but smaller than what I expected.	statement	db
I'll probably stick to Ramen Keisuke Tori King at 100AM when I have a ramen craving or just skip it altogether as ramen is not the healthiest food in the world.	statement	db
getting there at sunset when the lights of the city start coming on is definitely worth it  I realize drink pours in the U.S. are super generous, but a martini here was tiny.	statement	db
but I'd set your expectations accordingly, i.e., you come here for a special occasion when you can sit by the window, but not for the highest level of fine dining or value	statement	db
You can see what feels like the whole of Singapore.	statement	db
We were there for dinner and when the sun set, all the stars aligned,  the angels sang in unison and Singapore was lit up.	statement	db
It was delightful with all it's added ingredients and all blended well when ate at once.	statement	db
the red pepper paste was given in a separate bowl and not mixed into the jjigae which is good for those who prefer to adjust the level of spiciness on their own.	statement	db
he wasn't too happy when some customers seek his help to throw away the coffee cups after they had free coffee from the machine placed at their restaurant's entrance.	statement	db
Same as this guy:  Dont know why this place got good review.	statement	db
Dont know why this place got good review.	statement	db
For this outlet, what's really cool is when you enter through their extended walkway, you could have a table where it's like a cubicle - it's all the way inside and you have to walk through the bar, the tables, the booths, to finally get to the section where it's just private cubicles.	statement	db
=D  Drinks were cheap, tapas were yummy and servers came by 5-6 times to ensure if we needed anything besides what we were having or if we need another beer/wine.	statement	db
Despite the busy lunch hour, we were seated and served super efficiently, to the point where the staff's enthusiasm and effectiveness was maniacally scary.	statement	db
Overall, if you're one of those people who tries things out for the reputation, do it.	statement	db
Reminds me of a place in Melbourne where lard us used as well.	statement	db
My friend took me here to eat what she termed 'high class wanton noodle'.	statement	db
I had myself the recommended Jia Xiang Mee for $6.40, which is about twice what you might pay in a hawker centre for similar sort of noodle.	statement	db
Nonetheless, when the craving for Kolo Mee strikes, I'll definitely find myself here!	statement	db
Given that they have decent food (I ordered kimchi stew/soup) in a great location (on the second floor of Suntec City) that's quite close to where I work, and that this place is new and clean, I wish the owner put a bit more effort to make both the menu and ban-chan little more customer-centric.	statement	db
Kimchi also offers Korean barbeque where built-in electric grills allow diners to grill their food without smelling of smoke.	statement	db
Thus they get a little flustered when the crowd comes in.	statement	db
No idea what it's called but ask for a white beer that's refreshing.	statement	db
My poor partner finally marched to the bar where plenty of other, albeit smaller, glasses were available, and the bar staff didn't even to offer her beer in another glass!	statement	db
The clear soup was for those who wish to feel that the soup too rich and wish to lighten it.	statement	db
They are obviously still short on staff and I queued for slightly over an hour (I had nothing to do and was by myself on a Friday night so why not ) They gave me a small menu and sat me at the counter.	statement	db
Things took a change for the better when kitchen staff saw that I was eating alone and probably knew I'd be quick that he asked me my order and said he'll do mine first since I was alone.	statement	db
For details, please visit umakemehungry.blogspot sg  I get to know of YY Kopitiam's existence when my Hong Kong pal told me that this was under her list of Must Go places in Singapore.	statement	db
Its retains of the old School Singapore Kopitiam Culture could be probably the reason why it was recommended in the page of singapore's tourist guide.	statement	db
Not forgetting its ambience, it drew us back into the 80s, 90s where coffeeshop (kopitiam) were simple and humble unlike the modern fanciful decorations we had in most of the breakfast places right now.	statement	db
Service was turned off especially when beverages were wrongly served and the worker was rude to took the cup away .	statement	db
I'm not sure why they couldn't give me coffee ribs instead of imperial ribs with rice, given that they cost the same a la carte.	statement	db
It is strange for a coffee shop to be crowded so early in the morning, so I had to see what was great about it.	statement	db
However, I am only giving Barossa two stars because it falls flat on its face when it comes to service.	statement	db
The clincher came when we asked to have a round of iced water.	statement	db
Appallingly, they have a policy of not serving iced water to their patrons and our entire exchange was handled by a trainee, who kept walking back and forth to check with her supervisor, and inform the latter that we were willing to pay a small fee, etc.	statement	db
So, I just checked their website so I could confirm exactly what I had here a few days ago, but unfortunately, there is no menu listed.	statement	db
Hmmm...maybe they are looking to a hire a freelance graphic designer who could help with that...I'm available!	statement	db
Arrived in Singapore late and saying at the Conrad Centennial and not wanting to be forced into the Buffet, we ventured outside to see what was close by.	statement	db
The restaurant was totally empty when we visited after lunch hour.	statement	db
Great set lunches for those who can expense to their companies or individuals holding the feed at raffles card :) personally I find the ambience quite pleasant, and rather attentive staff except for the one who seems to judge us rather quickly by the fact that we didn't want his sparkling or still water, settling for good old tap instead.	statement	db
I found it slightly salty but the friend found it ok.   What I don't like is that they charge $5 for green tea though.	statement	db
Freshness and clean flavours are what I appreciate most about Japanese cuisine.	statement	db
And that's what I did not get last night.	statement	db
It's a modern Japanese restaurant tucked away in Fairmont hotel and the atmosphere is lively but not intrusive when you want to have a conversation.	statement	db
I guess I'm disappointed by the cognitive dissonance between the branding which hints at fresh ingredients upscale but cool Italian dining and what the food eventually ended up being.	statement	db
The Spaghetti carbonara, is what I would describe as ""instant-mix"" spaghetti.	statement	db
I guess the one saving grace is that Bottura offers a great deal after 5pm and on weekends: $18 for red or white wine and six plates of small bites (does it really matter what they serve given that the wine glass alone is $18).	statement	db
I'm not a fan of Suntec malls, and when I tried calling them, the phone kept ringing.	statement	db
Ours and another table of 8 mid 20-somethings, who looked like they didn't care what they were eating.	statement	db
Was here on Christmas for dinner and it was pretty empty at around the time we went there, around 6:30pm when they are open for dinner.	statement	db
Service wise, I guess the waiter serving us was pretty new so it was not as good as it should be, when you order Mussels, there should be an additional big plate for the shells, but we were given a small one which probably couldn't fit all the shells.	statement	db
even when we gave the proverbial SOS signal.	statement	db
The food... my rare steak was rare and tasted great, I do not know why they need to cut the steak up though.	statement	db
However, when the Stwak and fries aka French bistro food arrived, the steak had no marinate and the cut if the beef was bad.	statement	db
So for this place, on good days when their sashimi is fresh, i don't see why anyone would be complaining that their sashimi is cut too thick.	statement	db
All in all, a simple, comfortable place to catch up with people over dinner, provided Japanese food (and the price you pay for it) is what you want.	statement	db
They took 1h to serve us our food even when there were not that many customers.	statement	db
In fact, what was sent to our table was completely unacceptable.	statement	db
Good location for a drink on the river (wine or beer ....the cocktails are watered down versions of what they are meant tone).	statement	db
I think you'd come here for their coffee and cake especially when you need a break from the great attractions and artifacts around the river.	statement	db
We started out an assortment of sashimi, namely golden-eyed snapper, medium fatty tuna, arc shell, and what looked like either Spanish or horse mackerel.	statement	db
I was thrilled that they served gizzard shad (kohada) which is a favourite of mine, but the texture of the fish was a little softer than what I'm used to, which with a fish as strongly flavoured as kohada, made for a not 5-star sushi.	statement	db
It was a lot more flavourful than what I'm used to, definitely more well seasoned.	statement	db
Small things, but small things always matter when you position yourself at the pinnacle of Japanese cuisine in Singapore.	statement	db
The iced coffee was strong, but I'm not sure what kind of milk they put in it.	statement	db
No serviettes or tissues on the table, place was fairly empty when I arrived at 12:30pm whereas other restaurants were full, avoid this like organised religion.	statement	db
I saw what was the recommended Bingsu (Korean Shaved ice) and decided to go for the Mango Cheesecake Bingsu.	statement	db
They gave me pepper when I asked for it, and made no fuss when I accidentally toppled it over (sigh).	statement	db
I go to Carl's Junior when I need my dirty, oily, greasy fix.	statement	db
The service also a lot better when the place much quieter.	statement	db
(No need to emphasize that no, actually you know what you are doing and you actually do want it very very spicy, which is the only way I can usually get a scoop of chili around here.)	statement	db
I enjoy the cleaner/newer than a hole-in-the-wall interior, and when you get take away, they will cut the corner of the container so that the fresh out of the wok chicken stays crispy in transit!	statement	db
We eat here several times when staying in Singapore.	statement	db
Delicious and tasted just like the spicy dishes we ate when we lived in Beijing.	statement	db
Since Fat Bird comes from the same people who gave us the unique and tantalising food at Chong Qing Grilled Fish, we anticipated that the spiciness of the soup would be above normal levels, and so we opted for the mild level.	statement	db
A definite choice when thinking about where to head for dinner with a large group of friends!	statement	db
Fat Bird's house specialties include the Chicken Hotpot and Spicy and Fragrant Pork Rib Pot where you can pick your own level of spiciness.	statement	db
Unfortunately the great meal was disturbed by Chinese teenage gal who dating a Caucasian uncle, vomited at their table.	statement	db
Let me be fair and state somethings upfront first:  1) wifey was expecting so we only ordered the medium well sirloin steak (which was dry and tough) and didn't expect that the name of the store correctly reflects the quality,  2) we ordered only 1 portion to share, so what I reviewed is only the ribs, steak and sides.	statement	db
One of the waitress even asked who we ordered from!	statement	db
...how would know their names... We said WARM water but were served cold water when it finally come.	statement	db
In fact, this was what happened to the Spinach Artichoke Dip ($13.90) which made it so difficult to resist from scooping the baked cheesy goodness with  taco chips.	statement	db
I was disappointed by the 10 Oz of New York Strip Steak ($36.90) as well as the 10 Oz Slow Roasted and Seared Prime Rib ($37.90) as the texture were either too sinewy or too rare when we ordered the Medium Rare.	statement	db
I gave only 2 stars as its meant to be a STEAKHOUSE so the nice pasta shouldn't count when the steak is only average.	statement	db
I stopped in here yesterday at lunchtime when things were rather quiet so I got my choice of table right away.	statement	db
The mashed potatoes were rich, and when brought home, made a great shepherd's pie topping.	statement	db
Our table of 10 ordered several steaks, and when the waitress came, she couldn't even name the steak properly.	statement	db
And then when my steak came, all still looks promising until I cut the first piece and ate it.	statement	db
They are most helpful only when you are about to order, and when you want to clear your plates.	statement	db
They didn't even bother to fill up our cups when they had been empty for about 20 minutes.	statement	db
Was taken away by the waitress who was very sensitive, caring and took time to ensure we were comfortable.	statement	db
What I Love: The service was just amazing, the main reason why the place got 4 stars from me - as I would have rated it 3 as a whole, but the staff were so attentive - and service to me is imperative to the whole dining experience - that the extra star was well-earned.	statement	db
I don't know what goes into it but its brown in colour, has a beautiful crispy crust and you can tell it's just out of the oven.	statement	db
I really enjoy the maki rolls from this place because there are quirky references to ""the sushi roll"" everywhere plus the ingredients are fresh and healthy (depending on what you select to go in it, of course).	statement	db
I am a big fan of the possibility to customize your dishes (yes I am THAT person who takes longer to order a starbucks drink than to drink it) and I am always having a hard time picking sushi as I always end up thinking: ""this roll has xyz that I love but I wish it came with abc which comes in this other roll..."".	statement	db
* in case you are wondering what for me the best sushi is: without a doubt I would pick a place in Japan.	statement	db
I won't go into detail about what works when it comes to maki rolls, because everybody has differing tastes, and what works for me may suck for you.	statement	db
For those of you that are sushi purists who enjoy tasting the unique flavors of various raw fish, this might not be the place for you.	statement	db
But what really takes the cake is the cute box that the sushi is served in.	statement	db
Cashier gives you a buzzer to let you know when your order is ready 5.	statement	db
Pick up your order when your beeper buzzes  I almost always choose a brown rice option with soft shell crab tempura, avocado, sunflower seeds and a few more things.	statement	db
I was given a window seat and a waitress passed me the menu and explain to me what they have and what was on the menu that wasn't in yet since it's super new.	statement	db
For the brand of Wah Kee, theirs are for the purists who enjoy just Prawns without the pork flavour.	statement	db
This is probably what you are paying so much for.	statement	db
The space is quite open and there is plenty of space for larger groups from what I can remember.	statement	db
You can also request for just ice cream in a cup which was what we did.	statement	db
Probably not my cup of coffee... (See what I did there) ahaha  Ambience was alright - casual.	statement	db
Not a huge selection but what they have is freshly baked.	statement	db
If you follow my check ins, I'm a person who seeks out places for awesome coffee art.	statement	db
I am surprised by its light fluffy texture when I knifed it.	statement	db
A lunch and dinner menu will be available soon, so it'll be interesting to see what they are offering then.	statement	db
Three times bigger than the original outlet, what this means is that you can finally sit down and enjoy your croissants and kougin amans in peace without having people bump into you or trying to yell over the din.	statement	db
Overall it was an enjoyable experience though I felt perhaps a tad overpriced for what you get.	statement	db
So take note of this and also if you can't finish what you have taken, you have to pay for it.	statement	db
The atmosphere in the restaurant is great for conversation, as it's hard to hear what your neighbour is chatting (kaypoh - busybody), so you won't have to worry about anyone eavesdropping.	statement	db
Demand for seating seems higher than what is available.	statement	db
At least by offering a glass of water when waiting, or if food delivery exceeds a certain amount of time, some form of a discount next time, etc.)	statement	db
If this isn't a win, I don't know what is.	statement	db
When I asked the manager about what he is doing, apparently this is pet of the training to be social....	statement	db
Chef Anna shares with us her experience in Spain and what delicious food she has tried over there.	statement	db
Place has a nice laid back vibe and isn't way too crowded on a Saturday morning when we went there.	statement	db
And then I wasn't sure I could drink it, because what a waste that would be.	statement	db
They offer an extensive food menu where a lot of the items are fairly pricey but everything I have had here has however been very good and the cheese and garlic bagel is both good and good value but it appears to be a seasonal dish so try it now.	statement	db
They are very friendly but even when it is almost empty it can take a very long time to even be able to place an order and even longer to get it brought to the table.	statement	db
Another mixologist bar, where the men take pride in their dressing and drinks.	statement	db
Nothing spectacular, a safe bet in terms of cocktails, where the mixologists mix according to what you feel like.	statement	db
The orange juice was great too- freshly squeezed but somehow when I saw it had froth around it- almost looking like a mango shake.	statement	db
* cringe * On the topic of music, why am I made to feel like I need to shout in here to have a decent conversation with friends.	statement	db
But when left to the other mixologists, the drinks just do not step up.	statement	db
I've heard plenty from my friends who have been here and they raved so much about the coffee, atmosphere and food that I simply had to try it sooner (rather then later).	statement	db
Service is average to non-existent, especially when everyone is rushing around when it is full house.	statement	db
I'm docking one for high prices and their inability to keep up service quality when the place is full.	statement	db
I do wonder what the ice is made of.	statement	db
On the contrary, a true artist works best within constraints (cf what Helmut Newton's ""victims"" said of sessions with him, which were dictatorial).	statement	db
Then we made the mistake of coming on the Chillax anniversary night where something like 500 Amex card holders poured onto a small number of bars to test the resilience and scalability of the teams on duty that night.	statement	db
Chris A., who came to visit me from L.A., and I were catching up when a bartender interrupted my conversation and asked if we wanted to see a trick.	statement	db
Haven't been here in a long time so when I came by today, it felt like I was coming home.	statement	db
I don't know why i took so long to visit but anyway i'm glad i finally did because it was purrrrrfect.	statement	db
You don't order from a menu, you explain to the bar staff what you want (spicy, sweet, fruity etc or a type of alcohol, or a cocktail you like).	statement	db
Smooth and velvety, just what I needed for a rainy afternoon.	statement	db
I can't comment on the food here as this isn't what I dropped in for - it was the extensive coffee menu that caught my attention.	statement	db
I think they have a menu - but I always just tell the waiter what I feel like having, ""Something not too sweet, refreshing and strong"", and they'll whip up something for you.	statement	db
Maison Ikkoku is the only place in Singapore where I will order espresso based coffee.	statement	db
This is the place I visit on the weekend, when I want to have a real coffee.	statement	db
Fresh ground beans, well roasted, and made properly with a decent espresso machine operated by people that know what they're doing.	statement	db
They have really good desserts to accompany the coffee so you may like to leave some space for your sweet tooth when you're down.	statement	db
For those who aren't crazy about coffee, you can also order the chai tea, which I find good, but a little too sweet for my palate.	statement	db
If it's pale, it's stale, which is why I always make a note of this.	statement	db
One thing to bear in mind however - the point above is simply not relevant for anyone who prefers drip or brewed coffee, and might not even be an issue for anyone else.	statement	db
Prices as are expected - $8.50 for the latte and cappuccino above - and broadly in line with what is charged in other quality cafes.	statement	db
Overall, 4 stars, as the selection of brewing methods available, and the quality of espresso, makes up for the steaming issue described above (which will not affect everyone), but it's unfortunate to see this when everything else is done so well.	statement	db
They do coffee prepared every way you can imagine (pour over, press, aeropress, suction, you name it) so you get to try different ways to see what you like.	statement	db
Now if you remember a mixologist called Leslie who used to be at another bar a couple streets away...	statement	db
Its one of those, don't have a menu but tell me what you want type of speakeasy-ish bars.	statement	db
But what hit me was its alcoholic taste.	statement	db
I can see where they were going with it all - but the flavors didn't meld for me.	statement	db
The folks, who have been trying this dish whenever it is available, claimed it to be the best so far in Singapore.	statement	db
The prove of crispy, blistered skin is ascertained before we put the warm roll into our mouths as crackling sounds are heard when the servers sliced through the duck.	statement	db
Service was caught up in a traffic when there was rarely a free seat during peak weekend dining hours but the waiters understood the meals they served.	statement	db
And surprisingly, one of the servers who attended to us was from Ukraine!	statement	db
Good value alternative when you are craving something more than your usual fillet o fish!	statement	db
It is a rare venue in Singapore where you can actually sit and feel comfortable - to lounge around a while among the nice 90s hits, comfortable furniture, and good conversation.	statement	db
It has what I call ""true"" free flow drinks.	statement	db
It all costs no more or less, but you get what you drink for a flat price.	statement	db
I find it reasonably difficult to get a single drink from the simplest food court to the finest restaurant here, so the fact that this modest place can do it right makes me wonder why so few others choose not to.	statement	db
While all of that can't be beat, I will say that the soup was way too peppery (even for me, who has a very high tolerance for pepper).	statement	db
Meanwhile, the fries, while good alone, with ketchup, or chili sauce, were terrible when paired with the overly peppery pepper sauce.	statement	db
The staff of each store are also pretttttty aggressive as you browse, and keep asking you what you'd like to order.	statement	db
and for the price of $15 for mine, I doubt I'll be back again when there are so many better options - even Keisuke Four Seasons at Bugis Village.	statement	db
I must have looked like a newbie when I walked up to this place.	statement	db
:) it can be quite overwhelming trying to decide what ramen to try at ramen champion.	statement	db
This is something like marche whereby they swipe cards and pay it when you are about to leave.	statement	db
I often go there when craving for ramen.	statement	db
In contrast, Tonkotsu Itto's Special Tonkotsu Ramen ($16.50) (by Chef Yukihiko Sakamoto) is prepared in the traditional tonkotsu way where the pork-based soup is cooked for several hours to allow the essence of the pork bone to fill up the base.	statement	db
Wandering around lost, like a kid in a candy store, I had almost made up my mind based on some photos of bowls of ramen when the chef at Bario calls out to me.	statement	db
The reason why it's called a Ramen Champion is this: Each of the stalls compete against each other to tabulate their sales and votes at the end of each year, and the winner gets to set up a restaurant in Singapore.	statement	db
The question why would they want to set up a restaurant in Singapore is beyond me, we don't charge as high as Japan does... hmm... the only reason must be that Singaporeans love our ramen.	statement	db
After walking endless rounds I got tired and just ordered from the stall closest to where I sat.	statement	db
If you love ramen but can't decide where to get your fix from.	statement	db
This is where all the good ramen gather and you're gonna find yourself coming back here to try them all.	statement	db
A kopitiam for ramen, seriously - a place where bunch of ramen vendors congregate.	statement	db
Nice idea to make the whole experience faster: you'll be given a bracelet that you scan when you order on any ramen counter that you choose and drink counter, give the bracelet later to the cashier to find out your total.	statement	db
It's constructed like a market where you can walk around and there're multiple stalls inside - I think you can find any ramen that you can imagine here, so you may have to visit this place several times to actually try all.	statement	db
I personally love hard, thin noodles, so I was a bit worried when I learned that Bario's use thick ones.	statement	db
A tip: If you don't like your ramen with beansprouts, remember to notify the guy when you first order.	statement	db
I come here when I feel like having ramen, just ramen and nothing else.	statement	db
Basic sides and vegetables like mushrooms and noodles are of good quality, not your typical cheap buffet ingredients if you know what I mean!	statement	db
Kang Kong with Fermented Beans $8.50++ This is my father's favourite dish, however this particular dish was too salty and when we had feedbacked to the manager.	statement	db
A simple meal in solidarity but this is what I would like to do sometimes.	statement	db
Owned by the Sapporo Lion Group, it is first and foremost, a beer hall where diners can chill out in a cosy setting with the refreshing Sapporo beer and moreish bites.	statement	db
The Beer Batter Fish and Chips ($15 for lunch) has a flawlessly crisp batter but those who are used to a firmer meat like Snapper, might find the Dory too slippery.	statement	db
I've been to many Subway outlets where you could tell the staff could care less.	statement	db
Comfort food in a bowl, wagyu sukiyaki don, oyako foie gras don and for those who prefer pork, the Iberico char siu don.	statement	db
I was walking around Suntec waiting for a store to open when I stumbled upon this little café on the 3rd floor of Tower 3.	statement	db
My only qualm is that the rice balls were a little loose and I was fearful that it would disintegrate when I pick up my sushi.	statement	db
That said, when Otoro is served with the warm sushi rice, some of the rendered fats from the warmth of the sushi rice gives the rice more flavor and it's absolutely delicious.	statement	db
Then, when a server did come by and I asked for another bottle of water for our table, the server disappeared again and forgot.	statement	db
also, when she made the reservation, the restaurant was adamant that there was a a strict dress code.	statement	db
more than half of the people there were in shorts, jeans, tee shirts, etc...  i am not sure why they stressed there was a dress code.)	statement	db
And once you exclude all the filler items, you'll find that what you're paying for isn't really worth it.	statement	db
They may be better elsewhere but I like to have a bite or two when trying new things.	statement	db
La Mian and Xia Long Baos are 2 chinese dishes I crave when I am studying overseas and have to get my fix as soon as possible when I fly back to Singapore every summer.	statement	db
Imperial Treasure La Mian Xiao Long Bao is where I go to to get that fix.	statement	db
2-3 staff took notes when we checked about the order status but nobody made any action on it.	statement	db
I wish they would have bold the dish name so we can actually tell the staff what we want to order, rather than read the ingredients of the dish to the staff, which is exactly what I did!	statement	db
I find that when you layer any type of mushroom soup with multiple types of mushrooms you get a full flavor that brings out the best in possible flavor.	statement	db
Banana Chocolate Honey Toast (Normal) $17.90++ When we were served this dessert, everyone at the table was going ""wah!	statement	db
Decor - 0 stars Honestly what really got to me was the gaudy, tacky Tiffany blue interior with plastic chairs that look like they belong in a kids' playroom.	statement	db
I'm afraid I can't understand why people would want to sit in the place for longer than ten minutes, much less photograph themselves in it for posterity.	statement	db
Value - 1 star Four of us shared one toast and ice cream set and each got a milk tea/matcha latte and ended up paying $16 each for what ended up to be a few bites of toast and a drink.	statement	db
If you're the sort who likes a traditional meal that's also wallet-friendly, Supreme Pork Chop Rice will fulfill your needs.	statement	db
I had high expectations - this looked a fairly posh place right in the middle of an area where everyone had enough in their pockets to afford fine food.	statement	db
I think you can tell what they're famous for from the shelves - the top shelf items cost $3.50, but are also their more popular choices.	statement	db
We seriously don't get why even a one Michelin star.	statement	db
They plopped down a bowl of cashews on the table and when I told the waitress my son is allergic to nuts, she immediately removed it and told all the other staff about his allergy.	statement	db
Quality still as good as ever, but the portion sizes have shrunk so much it's almost funny - when I saw the size of the puo luo bao after 2 years overseas, I had a double take.	statement	db
We made reservations but it wasn't that crowded when we were there around 1pm.	statement	db
The steamed carrot cake is served in a dessert-looking-container, couldn't identify what it was at first!	statement	db
It was rare chance to be served by such a warm and lively lady who always carried a smile on her face and everyone was impressed with the service even though we did not feedback to the management.	statement	db
I am not a keen fan of expensive ingredients and thus I cannot comment on the taste of some food but those who had them enjoyed the delicacies.	statement	db
Unlike Koo Kee where you can't pick the yong tau foo in your bowl, you pick your main dish at Gao Ji for $3.90-5.90 each and can add on a side of brown rice, seaweed soup and vegetables for $1.90.	statement	db
It worked out to $11.60, which is less than what I pay for a good salad or paleo meal, but more than what I pay for a 12-item bowl of YTF at food courts.	statement	db
The aunty raised her eyebrow a bit when I ordered two mains but I just told her I'm a growing child :P	statement	db
Was really horrible when we got there at about 7 p.m. on a Tuesday night.	statement	db
So if you want quiet surroundings, forget about this place because you won't know when there will be a function.	statement	db
In the past, when you walked into the restaurant, the fragrance of chicken roasting over the fire would be wafting gently into your noses making you hungrier than ever.	statement	db
The corn muffins are sweet but also soft and crispy when they're hot, so they're my next favourite food from Kenny Rogers next to the cheese mac.	statement	db
I honestly think the smell adds so much to what Kenny Rogers used to be.	statement	db
I ended up chatting with a young Sri Lankan couple who knew more about Indian food than me!	statement	db
In town for 8 days on business and one of my co-workers had a local friend who suggested this place as its where the Singapore PM bought Indian Prime Minister Modi for lunch, when the later was visiting Singapore.	statement	db
I have no idea what they were or what they were called but the yellow one is delicious!!	statement	db
So I'm visiting Singapore and everyone has told me to visit little India - sure why not but I want to eat some good food here as well.	statement	db
I was very very happy until I saw the sign says C hidden under the cashier counter....lol  Fortunately I didn't get a stomache but I really don't wanna think about what goes on in their kitchen.	statement	db
Even when dipped in the chutney, still not satisfying.	statement	db
But, you get what you pay for: cheap, mediocre Indian food.	statement	db
No matter what kind of meal you try, it's guaranteed to be wallet-friendly and delicious with well paired sauces.	statement	db
Wow, what a great lunch.	statement	db
The first Indian place that I visited when I first came to Singapore back in 1991.	statement	db
The upper floor is where I think there is full service of customers.	statement	db
Look, I don't understand what the big fuss about how to eat this - with your right hand as a local or with a fork like I've been used to.	statement	db
Not only was it good, but the place had AC and the menu actually says what these items are made of.	statement	db
For dinner, he wanted Indian food so we thought where else can we go but Little India.	statement	db
Service was efficient and we finished our meal within half an hour to move on to mustafa center, very good stop for some snacks when you are visiting Little India.	statement	db
Definitely a cool spot to hit when in singapore and looking for some authentic ethnic south indian food.	statement	db
I will say, though, be prepared when you go in there.	statement	db
I had kottu here (shredded chappati, said to be a dish that originated from home where leftover chappati are used for this purpose) and it was really good.	statement	db
So when moving to Singapore we immediately sought out of dosai fix.	statement	db
We get plenty of strange looks when we show up.	statement	db
This is why we haven't been to this place for a long time and it will probably take a lot more to bring us back.	statement	db
suffice to say that I was disappointed, not just because this was supposed to be an institution, a stalwart of fine chinese dining in singapore - and what we got, at incredibly high prices and pretty lacking service, was dimsum not even at the standards of the midrange chinese restaurants like yumcha.	statement	db
it feels rather a waste to tell you what we had - so I shan't.	statement	db
I can't say if it was perfect when it came out of the kitchen, but it spent a careless and incredible amount of time sitting on the waiting table next to us, where we got increasingly concerned - and annoyed - looking at it, as time passed.	statement	db
trying to get attention was pretty futile as our attendant was busy at another table - and when the noodles finally arrived, they had lost their crispness, and taken on an unappealing sponginess from having soaked up all that gravy.	statement	db
From what I hear, Ye Yint Cafe has been around for a long time and was recommended to be authentic by some Burmese people I've met out here.	statement	db
That being said, I went with their recommendations on what to try here and looked around to see what others were ordering.	statement	db
And Ye Yint Cafe is a place where many gather.	statement	db
There is the area where you purchase and then a few seats there and then two other larger areas across the way where you can eat.	statement	db
I decided on the set menu as it has what I want and is easier to manage, instead of poring through the menu and wondering what to order.	statement	db
So many times the wait staff looked at me blankly when I asked if they have that.	statement	db
Maybe it all depends on what you ordered.	statement	db
My fave kind of waiter is the silent type that you don't notice, but are keeping tabs enough to be there when you need them.	statement	db
They served me regular milk in my latte when I asked for soy  and they ran out of almond milk.	statement	db
First of all, when we arrived, what greeted us was the elegant and relaxing interior.	statement	db
Bangkok Jam is another concept by Creative Eateries, the same group who run Siam Kitchen, Sho-Teppan and Suki-ya.	statement	db
I was rate this plate of kway teow similar to what you can get from your neighbourhood coffeeshop except that this plate costs almost $15 after GST and service charge.	statement	db
The food was warm when it arrived, not hot.	statement	db
Aburi Salmon Sushi ($15++) Torched Salmon Pressed Sushi with Mayonnaise When the dish was served, I was surprised by the huge chunk of rice.	statement	db
The waiter was of course apologetic,and I found it hard to lose my cool when scripture was hanging on the wall right in front of me.	statement	db
Verdict: pasta was warm when it was served, chewy and tender in terms of texture.	statement	db
The dish was warm when it arrived to our table.	statement	db
The service was excellent too as they checked on the customers' needs quickly when customers raised their hands.	statement	db
As a social enterprise, I am very impressed with the level of service delivered by servers who are challenged in different special ways.	statement	db
Pretty similar to what I remember eating, but a little saltier.	statement	db
One disappointment is that when I ordered an extra rice, they ran out of rice!	statement	db
Be careful with transporting the bento when ordered to go.	statement	db
The food is pretty average but it will do in a pinch when I want something Asian (read rice or noodles) and the proper food court or hawker center are is too far away from the MRT.	statement	db
The food is served pretty quick, so it will be a good place for takeaway when in a hurry.	statement	db
I've recently been into all these spice-y, exotic asian flavors, all potent examples of what long stewing and high heat can bring to food - and I really liked this place.	statement	db
rice means a lot in asian meals, and I can't help but stress that what you'd get here is utterly disappointing.	statement	db
Its a bold move to open a Penang restaurant when Penanglang are noted foodies.	statement	db
This is definitely where the hippie minded go and i love it!	statement	db
If the heat outside is too much to bare, than the upstairs is where its at.	statement	db
They have an incredible goddess by the name of Tian who plays soothing feel good music with a ukulele on thursday nights.	statement	db
But when they take 45mins to bring you your shisha, that's kinda a deal breaker.	statement	db
In the day, it is a calm and peaceful oasis where lush, tropical plants and exotic eastern meditation music welcome weary shoppers seeking respite from the heat.	statement	db
A real treat is when the Starlight Alchemy movement artists make their weekly appearances.	statement	db
my earliest recount when I was a teen lurking in the mall of Marina Square.	statement	db
I love food where you can smell the aroma and let it whet your appetite.	statement	db
The waiter asked what soups we wanted and we decided to try sukiyaki and shabu shabu.	statement	db
We got excited when we saw Marche Movenpick next to our hotel thinking that it would be like the ones in Toronto, Canada and Lausanne, Switzerland.	statement	db
Like when you forget about the salami in your fudge for a few weeks and you still try a piece then you spit it out...that's what it tasted like!	statement	db
The service I would give a 3 they all over you when you walk in/by and then you never see them again.	statement	db
My friend and I asked for water to be served after ordering and when the server came with water, he came back with only 1 glass of water when there were 2 of us.	statement	db
From what I understand, Paik's Bibim was conceived by a famous Korean celebrity chef.	statement	db
However, it is definitely not Bibimbap in the traditional sense, or what you would expect at traditional korean restaurant.	statement	db
it's still not at a point where it's too offensive to eat, and this place still certainly retains good value (especially in town) - just that you'll probably want more than just a bowl of noodles when you're here.	statement	db
I'm used to the BIG bowls of Pho in California (maybe that's why americans are so big) but this place was meh...	statement	db
This is a restaurant where you can eat a generally not bad buffet without burning a hole in your pockets.	statement	db
In fact it was quite forgetable, which is probably why I left it that long.	statement	db
Would definitely come back here when I'm in Singapore again!	statement	db
I stopped by to try the bubble tea of this place for some Singaporean friends told me not to miss their bubble tea when in Singapore.	statement	db
To be honest, this isn't a very long wait for a delicious drink that you can indulge in once in a while, but what I am most disappointed with is the service at this outlet.	statement	db
I've drank KOI a number of times but I honestly dont know what the fuss is all about.	statement	db
I cant put a finger on why there are so many snaking queues around and why people bother to stand in line for so long.	statement	db
I particularly like this outlet as although sometimes the queue can be pretty long, like all other koi outlets who put service as their priority, the staff would come out of the counter to take orders.	statement	db
An ok alternative to Oriole upstairs, for days when its packed.	statement	db
The service was prompt, almost too prompt, when the waitress asked for our order right after being seated.	statement	db
Thereafter when the fries were left to cool, the helper had them put into the respective cup size and drenched them with ur ideal gourmet dipping sauce.	statement	db
For those who enjoy another level of fries fried using truffle oil, truffle fries are also one of their best seller.	statement	db
i knew where she was going and quickly interjected,""and a main course"".	statement	db
A pager would be given, which will lighten up when food is ready for collection at the counter.	statement	db
Refusing to say what the marinade or batter really is, there is a hint of fermented prawn past.	statement	db
The chicken is nice and crispy and very juicy (except for our last visit where it was a little over cooked).	statement	db
The sugarcane drink over there was quite expensive, without ice charges $1 more, total $3 but when you were drinking, you wouldn't feel any dregs, it's smooth to the taste.	statement	db
Surprisingly, there was one stall open at around 10am when we arrived and therefore that was the one we got to try.	statement	db
If you've been there and seen the sad satay stalls perched on the exterior i think you know what I'm talking about.	statement	db
I don't know what to say GBTB, clean up your act a little, you spent so much money on your gardens and you place this eye-sore in the corner...of which your little wooden plank signage was horrible at directing us.	statement	db
For those who don't drive, there is a free shuttle that loops from marina bay mrt to garden by the bay and then into satay by the bay.	statement	db
Both the chefs were there when we lunched in.	statement	db
It was my colleague who pointed them out.	statement	db
The place was quite full when we reached there.	statement	db
On my first bite, I finally understood why I was coerced into coming to this place.	statement	db
When we asked the waiter he didn't see understand what we are asking which is if it's mixed in the sauce.	statement	db
I work near Marina Square and was going to pick up lunch at Emporium Shokuhin when I saw some adds for an executive lunch at a rooftop restaurant called the East Bureau with ""pan Asian cuisine"", so I decided to check it out.	statement	db
The restaurant is pretty hard to find if you have no idea where the rooftop garden is and even then, the restaurant isn't easily visible unless you stand at the glass doors for a minute.	statement	db
Once I figured out where it was located, the restaurant itself looked really interesting.	statement	db
Those who love truffle oil would love this rendition of mushroom soup ($6) as the chef is rather generous with the serving.	statement	db
You will have to separate the bill by selecting the items you had, which can be annoying when you aa with friends.	statement	db
It's exactly what I need on a lazy Friday afternoon!	statement	db
I mean this is one stop shop for fruit, veg, fish, chicken, shark, and who knows what else is in there!	statement	db
and what you would pay for a small bag in Jasons you can get more than a basket!	statement	db
my favorite part is that when i get done with finding my produce i can get some amazing naan and curry from the hawker stalls.	statement	db
remember bring cash for everything  1) because it is cheap  2) because i have no idea who takes cards  note that this place gets busy and parking can be a pain so it is easier to take the train, assuming you don't buy too much :)	statement	db
The tea was fragrant and flavourful, and they certainly weren't stingy when it came to the ginger essence.	statement	db
This is where you can get some of the best (and least expensive) Indian food in Singapore.	statement	db
If it's hot, there are certain seating areas where the breeze and people-watching go hand-in-hand.	statement	db
The lower (first) level is where meat market it.	statement	db
Hold your breath, roll up your pants, and hope that your shoes don't stink for eternity as you walk through puddles of who knows what.	statement	db
So, if you want to experience Little India, or if you are simply looking for some good food, come to the Tekka Market and browse the second and third floor and you will probably find what you are looking for!	statement	db
Trust me when I say it's still pretty worth it.	statement	db
This market is also attached to a large wet market so you can walk around when you're doing eating.	statement	db
People just sit at your table in front of you when crowded, so be sure to take pictures of the strange looking man staring you down as you sip on your tea, like I did.	statement	db
Was so intrigued by the Makgeoli, had to come back a second time, but this time sans the coworker who only liked beer.	statement	db
and it's a single serve portion, unlike many other places where you need to share with 2 or more people.	statement	db
ĶI have tried several boat noodles stalls to curb my craving for Thai boat noodles but the taste didn't come close to what i had in Bangkok.	statement	db
The soup is thick, savory and packs in a while lot flavors true to what it taste like in Thailand.	statement	db
The ingredients for the pork noodles were generous with a good mix of meat and inards, those who do not eat pork liver should probably tell them not to put it in.	statement	db
For lunch we would just get a selection on what was available as they don't have a menu.	statement	db
the dining area is out door, so beware when it rains, lots of customers smoke here but it's pretty airy so you don't suffer from second hand smoke so much.	statement	db
There are a number of places in the Arab Quarter where you can kick back and take in the scene, but Kampong Glam Cafe is one of the few where you're as likely to share your table with a local as with a backpacker.	statement	db
But more importantly, the food is legit (which, of course, is why the locals are there in the first place).	statement	db
Maybe it is because I don't know Malay food but I don't understand what the hype is about this place.	statement	db
There was no English menu and I have no idea what anything is so I did what a desperate tourist did: point at what everyone else is eating.	statement	db
Perhaps I would have a better experience if I came with a local or somebody who knows what they are doing.	statement	db
however, as some other yelpers said, right when you sit, you feel pressure to order, b/c the uncles start standing over you.	statement	db
i didn't know what i wanted yet, but i just ordered mee siam, b/c i hadn't had it on this trip yet.	statement	db
to see what others were eating, and i totally should have gotten a rice plate.	statement	db
As soon as you grab a seat, one of the uncles will come with a menu and they're not the kind to pressure you into ordering but are attentive enough to notice you when you want to order.	statement	db
I love the energy of this place - it's not commercial like boring Orchard Road - you can feel the energy of the people there - and when you hear the Azan from the Mosque - makes you really feel like you're in Southeast Asia.	statement	db
They couldn't have a better location: KGC is the de facto breakfast, lunch, dinner and supper spot for all who find themselves in the Arab St area at various times of the day.	statement	db
Also provides a good place for people watching - you might spot some Malay celebs who love to frequent the place.	statement	db
Which is to say, pop by when you're hungry and don't feel like kebab, or something a bit upmarket at other parts of the Arab St area.	statement	db
Best of all, there was no wait when we went.	statement	db
A couple of years ago, if you asked what my last meal was, I would've said bak chor mee.	statement	db
I was randomly walking by this place and saw it was pretty legit looking, and it had what I was craving for so I stopped and grabbed a seat.	statement	db
I wish I was as this seems to be one of Singapore's quintessential everyman hawker dishes (unlike the sexier chicken rice & chilli crab) but I'll be honest when I say that I find it difficult to distinguish quality between a good mee pok and a great one.	statement	db
I live nearby and decided to try this place out late one night when I was feeling peckish.	statement	db
You get a bowl for only $2, not too big for the early morning grump and just right for what you can manage at 730am.	statement	db
I can't really describe what makes them better than other fishball noodles I've tried.	statement	db
3) Pleasant service from the 2 or 3 different guys who served us.	statement	db
We had also the lotus bao, the custard bao (nice molten without being too liquidy ie my friend who likes custardy type and I who like molten were both quite happy) 3) cheong fan - no filling but we had a craving having missed it recently at pek kio when it was closed for CNY and wow nice surprise.	statement	db
My expat friend who has lived in Singapore many years was not sure what to do with the hot water so I had to explain.	statement	db
The food is generally decent and what I think Swee Choon has going for her is: 1.	statement	db
No 4 is probably why most people are here.	statement	db
-order The Liu Da bao  -order The congee -order what other tables are ordering.	statement	db
So don't come when you are in a rush and it's best to come earlier.	statement	db
I came here a while ago so I know this definitely needs a revisit and a review but all I can say is from past experience I highly recommend this place because, it just wasn't what I expected.	statement	db
Don't understand what draws people here.	statement	db
And best part is that it opens throughout the night and is a very pleasant option when the weather is a bit cooler.	statement	db
I dunno why people flock here all the time cos the parking is terrible (not many parking lots around) and the food is only average but it still one of the few places that I will always go for late night dim sum craving.	statement	db
(In comparison to a recent version at another shop where it was so watery and hot that the both of us got scalded).	statement	db
Really local place where it is possible to try a peace of local and hong Kong food.	statement	db
There is always the queue when I come but if u like eat outside, u can make the turn and ask a table outside.	statement	db
One of the waiters got pretty pissed and went away in a huff when we asked for our drinks to be served after ~10 mins of waiting.	statement	db
Also, there's this one waiter who runs around the place like a madman, yelling ""Beep!	statement	db
Even when there's no one in his way.	statement	db
A bit run down a dirty as well, which I guess is part of the experience but don't expect a nice dining experience : the setting is definitely simple, especially in the tables in the back where roaches are never far.	statement	db
But they brought in some Shanghai trained chefs who turn out hand-made noodles and different meat filled pockets of doughy goodness (xiao long bao, spicy wanton) with a deft hand.	statement	db
Recommended by a close chef friend of mine who insisted I should give a try, I finally made my way down to Swee Choon after a night of partying and was left impressed.	statement	db
I was surprised that the line was long when finding parking in this area should also be a separate challenge.	statement	db
Go to the podium outside to get a number by telling how many in your party, wait while filling in your order in the form by looking at the big ass laminated menu sampler (not all the things are shown there), hurry back to the podium when your number is shown on the ticker, sit on whatever table the bouncer tell you to, press the bell on the wall when you're ready to order (be warn that nobody gonna ask you about the order unless you do that - I sat for 5 minutes getting confused why nobody came around to ask), and enjoy the fast service, cheap and good dim sum!	statement	db
The veggie looked liked blah when I 1st saw it (we ordered it since it's the only veggie item available on the list), but it was surprisingly tasty and good!	statement	db
Along the street was where I found Swee Choon Tim Sum; brightly lit signboards on the outside + huge crowds of patrons queuing outside = definite must try!	statement	db
Swee Choon Dim Sumis one of those places my local friends always talk about and recommend, though after a few visits, I cant see what all the fuss is about.	statement	db
I went about 630pm and it took about 20 minutes before we could get in to be seated, but at least the staff passed us the menu to place orders first so that we could pass the waitresses the order chits when we got in.	statement	db
There were some new items on the menu that i never saw before like the fried mee sua which tastes rather interesting but it was really delicious at the same time, who would have thought of fried mee sua wrapped around some carrot cake.	statement	db
It is what it is - an after hours restaurant, serving the needs of night owls.	statement	db
Was surprised when seeing a lot of people inside the restaurant at midnight!	statement	db
For those like me who love a ton of curry gravy on their rice, this is perfect.	statement	db
This humble eating house is on the second level of Parklane Shopping Mall, a rather rundown place that reminds you of what malls were like in the 80s and earlier part of the 90s.	statement	db
You might only come here if you are specifically craving for it or if you have vague memories of long lost Long John Silver's from years ago in the US, where it is now all but extinct.	statement	db
Most restaurants seem indistinguishable in flavor despite having the same logo when moving from place to place.	statement	db
Hence, if you are lucky enough to place an order, she will literally disappear from the dining room to who knows where and never return.	statement	db
I tend to jump straight to the sushi or sashimi when I visit Sakae.	statement	db
Perhaps I was the only one at the table who enjoyed the stickiness of the Ika Okura ($6.29)--ladyfingers mixed with squid.	statement	db
I am not a fan of oysters but those who did found them fresh and delicious  I always thought that Sakae Sushi only served sushi but now it has a wider variety menu with some dishes like the Kohada sashimi and Smoked Duck Sushi that caught me by surprise but quality wise, there is much to catch up.	statement	db
No cakes or muffins as with what one would usually expect from a cafe.	statement	db
For a country where people love their spice, a hot version of Japanese curry is always welcome.	statement	db
The chilli was spicy indeed with a level of 2 already being spicier than what I'm used to eating.	statement	db
Dining on spicy Indian food is not optimal when there is no AC.	statement	db
When you are ready to pay just go up to the order window and tell them you are ready to pay, you will be asked where you were setting, point to your table and they will know which cheque is yours.	statement	db
It is always pretty busy, however when required they will add additional tables around the corner of the restaurant (kopi shop) if you do not mind eating by the wheels bins: I think it adds to the local charm which is so much in contrast to the rest of Singapore!	statement	db
Be aware though - as my opening line suggests - it is VERY casual and more like a street stall, but what it lacks in decor, it makes up for in value, flavour, and a fun, vibrant atmosphere.	statement	db
I had a problem when ordering because I wanted the butter chicken, garlic naan, and tandoori chicken but knew I need to pick just one *sad face*   We ordered and paid then got seated.	statement	db
Washed down with a masala chai, you would then wonder why you haven't been here before.	statement	db
Btw, you just order and take a seat anywhere, then keep ordering and pay at the counter when you're about to leave.	statement	db
Even when consuming it without the curry.	statement	db
Usman's concerned me when I first encountered it: open air on a day when the haze was thick.	statement	db
Signature dishes - Nihari and the Half Kadhai...I know these guys so well when I go, the urgency is to find a seat.	statement	db
And then all I do is make eye contact with Javed bhaijaan and he knows what I want.	statement	db
(That's what they call themselves, despite the political connotations!)	statement	db
Tiara, the young lady who is running the place for the family is very sweet, curious to my palette as an American pizza lover and accommodating for any questions I had regarding the menu and the city in general!	statement	db
And her Aunt, who I call Auntie, helps with the business side and is extremely friendly.	statement	db
My Chinese friend approved its authenticity and way above-par taste (and even over-ate -- this is someone who DOES NOT over-eat.)	statement	db
it's not bad, and actually, the food is just as you'd expect it to be considering the style of the eatery - just that my expectations were raised what with so many people citing this as some sort of powerhouse.	statement	db
queues start ridiculously early and long - so that when the doors opened, all the tables were occupied.	statement	db
It's also not a place where you can hang out and chit chat with your friend over tea, which is what the whole yum cha experience should be about.	statement	db
Thus I was extremely happy to walk in to this tiny shop, squeeze into some tight spaced tables to enjoy some really delicious dim sum, sharing my table with other strangers who equally enjoy their meal.	statement	db
Dirty restaurant, painting works when customers were still eating just next table.	statement	db
Iced milk tea - hot tea served in a plastic cup in a bowl of ice cubes so the tea isn't diluted when the ice melts.	statement	db
Pretty novel idea and the tea is close to what you get at cha chan ting's in HK.	statement	db
We saw the auntie pounding the lemon slices too when she made the iced lemon tea, one of the better homemade versions I've tried.	statement	db
A grumpy auntie who ignores you until you wave in her face, then tells you to wait for a seat.	statement	db
A smiley auntie who clears your table, and cajoles a smile out of you as she complains about the grumpy auntie.	statement	db
Start off by getting a basket of Victor's signature Golden Egg Yolk Lava Bun ($3.50 for 3), and be careful when you split it the middle to let steam out, because the glorious golden filling might just ooze out (and make a mess!).	statement	db
Note of caution: No one is going to serve you at the front of the restaurant, so head on straight to an empty table when you sight one.	statement	db
Though I had requested nail art when making my appointment- they said they didn't have time to do it when I came back.	statement	db
I would come back but be sure to specify exactly what you want when making your appointment and be sure to call ahead!	statement	db
At the front of the store is the fashion retail section, where I instantly fell in love with all kinds of pretty and eccentric things like quirky jewellery, funky patterns, bags, stationary and other innovative and creative items on offer.	statement	db
(http://www.mrktstore.com/product/pandora-5/)   Manicurious is a fabulous find and is definitely worth a visit when you get tired of trawling through the markets for cutesy cheap Asian stuff.	statement	db
;( I ask where is restroom no one tell me :(   Only reason I give two star because they have nice selection of polish	statement	db
The sales people were really nice, including the nice guy who happily indulged me trying on a zillion pairs of sunglasses and my all my hmming and hawing.	statement	db
They take a week on average to get done, and if they're anything like what my friend's got, I'd be super pleased!	statement	db
Ask to see the samples and the colour swatches, and marvel and what patterns they've got!	statement	db
I got to know about Manicurious as I was trying to find out where my favourite pie stall - Windowsill Pies - had gone after they moved out of their shop space at Pandan Valley.	statement	db
1/2 way thru they show me a black & white sheet outlining all of these different designs (remember that when I asked they seemed clueless about design offerings) including the chevron and the $30 (in USD) up charge!!!	statement	db
It would have been good if the servers are more informative especially to customers who are unfamiliar with the food.	statement	db
Out of all of the places I ate when I was in Singapore, I will be going back here ASAP.	statement	db
They're not comfortable at all no matter what size you are.	statement	db
And boy, what a great find on a Thursday night!	statement	db
I could not remember what palak paneer was called, but he knew as soon as I described it and added it to our order.	statement	db
From USA so owner was extremely helpful with what to order.	statement	db
So far we have never been disappointed which is why we eat there and order in so often.	statement	db
Staff are super friendly and helpful and willing to recommend things especially when they get to know you and your tastes.	statement	db
The menu was a feast in itself - I knew it would be bad (read: really freaking good) when there were 7 types of naan to choose from, but it got to the point where we were all just pointing and shouting and gesticulating wildly.	statement	db
It was one of those situations where we wanted everything we saw going out to tables around us, so I doubt you'll go wrong.	statement	db
This is where I head to buy snacks when I visit people in other countries.	statement	db
The dried goods section on the second floor is where all the Chinese aunties go for their necessities come festival time.	statement	db
The vegetable stall has got very fresh produce and there's a little old lady who sells nice fat chickens.	statement	db
I also like the butcher at the end of the row - run by a nice couple who always have good stuff on offer.	statement	db
4) Beef Fajitas - comes in a hot plate and needs to eat fairly fast as the meat can get slightly tough when further 'cooked' with the extra heat.	statement	db
The popper I had wasn't what I imagined it to be.	statement	db
== Food == They have an ordering sheet where you have some level of customisation on your ramen.	statement	db
I couldn't understand most of what they were yelling at me.	statement	db
I am pretty fussy when it comes to ramen just because it's one of my fave Japanese food and I don't mind eating it everyday!	statement	db
The fact that everything is optional, you get to choose what you want or don't want to be in your ramen, hence making it possible to pay a cheaper price and I like my ramen to be basic anyway.	statement	db
I doubt you can have this business model in other countries where people would stuff their pockets with boiled eggs.	statement	db
Pretty small walkway outside to have a long line - good thing I came when the line wasn't that crazy; however, it provided tea in case you got thirsty while waiting.	statement	db
The Food Place located conveniently inside the Raffles City Shopping Centre has long been a staple when passing through Singapore.	statement	db
The best part about this place is that it's both tasty & cheap which can often be challenging in Singapore when on a budget.	statement	db
Sometimes it's just what you need after a long haul flight.	statement	db
I think avoiding the Beef Hor Fun for a couple of visits was probably working in my waistline's favour what can I say.	statement	db
Another great dish which is simple & tasty at Oriental Delights is the Pepper Fried Rice, if you feel like something simple & tasty this could just be what you need.	statement	db
There are quite a few stalls - so I prefer some more than others, and haven't tried all the stalls here - but most of the stuff is yummmy....  What I Love: Their Chicken Rice is yummmy - gotta try that!	statement	db
If you don't know what that means, it means that the bread equates to your typical sliced Gardenia bread found in most homes.	statement	db
Dunno if just unlucky or this is what you need to expect from here.	statement	db
It used to be run by Fatty when it was on Rochor Road, and the business has since been handed down to his children.	statement	db
We didn't use the towels, so I have no idea why they added it to the bill.	statement	db
It is a shame, because this sort of penny pinching just sucks, and where I would have thought about returning to this place - I think I will try something else.	statement	db
This restaurant was named after the original owner Fatty (Albert,  a great guy.. sadly he passed a while ago) and has for some time now been run by skinny his brother and extended family ) All the airline crews have been going there for years, they know a good thing when they see it.	statement	db
There is not a time when I visit Singapore ( over the last 28 yrs) that I do not eat at Fattys as do many others.	statement	db
Food was served very late, 12.50pm when my company event supposed to start at 12pm!!	statement	db
But if you cannot handle a corporate event, please stop advertising for it, or find someone who is capable of doing it professionally.	statement	db
Also, when you come on a regular night, they play cool local music.	statement	db
Even though I was a bit skeptical when I came here for the first time and needed to go through the entire Bugis+ shopping mall in order to come here, I was very nicely surprised when I reached and since that time Hood Bar has become one of my favorite spots for meetings with friends.	statement	db
Was joined by an australian who invited himself to sit with me who says he's only in Singapore 5 hours but comes to this restaurant every time he visits.	statement	db
We went on to recommend it to friends who stayed in Singapore later.	statement	db
Spotted lots of Japanese ladies and men having lunches and tea breaks there and it sure added to the whole jap muji-like feel of the place and that is why this place has 5 stars from me (plus the clean washrooms and plugs too)!	statement	db
A Japanese bakery located just off Bras Basah Road is a gem find especially when attending art/museum events in the evenings.	statement	db
Well i guess that's a good thing since when i recently visited, i found the place quiet and peaceful (also empty) during brunch time on a Saturday.	statement	db
Well i guess the hype kind of died down when people realised that Asanoya is first and foremost a bakery, not a cafe.	statement	db
Hence, unless your idea of brunch is a small sandwich, pastry or cake, you may be disappointed when you visit.	statement	db
Of course i had to sample them before i can decide on what to buy home!	statement	db
Blended with white chocolate, the bread has a tinge of milky sweetness, which was slightly different from the taste when I had it in Japan.	statement	db
I don't remember exactly what I had now but I had the potato salad with it and it was fantastic.	statement	db
The location is a little bit hard to find as they do not any huge sign at the front  The best highlight of our dinner was the dessert, the panna cotta was a lot better than what we expected.	statement	db
I would say that the only thing to make the dinner more excellent is if the Pizza had been hotter when it was served.	statement	db
I've been to restaurants where the brick oven pizza is so fresh that it hurts to hold it in my hand (ie: Alt Pizza at Suntec).	statement	db
It is actually tomato sauce, not black squid ink sauce, just so you know what to expect.	statement	db
I'm a huge fan of those places where their integrity in food shows through from the bread they serve on the side -- they were so well-baked to be crips on the surface and textured just right on the inside.	statement	db
He flatly refused to even make any attempt to accommodate us on any other table, saying that the place was fully booked (we were seated at the 3rd occupied table on the lower floor where there were 3 more tables empty at the time).	statement	db
This is when I requested the manager to have a chat with me and then started his racist rant against Indians :(  Some quotes from our conversation - things actually said by the Cicheti Manager to me:  ""There is always problems with Indians only, they agree on the phone and then want something different when they come"" ""I hate Indians"" ""There are many other Italian restaurants, why don't you go there""  We finished the food we had ordered till then, paid our bill, refused to pay the 10% service charge and left!	statement	db
Was a bit disappointed because I arrived too late for dinner last night as they were closing at 10pm  (after finding them on Yelp) and was craving Italian but the Manager/Part owner was nice and asked me to come back the next day and showed me their menu so I would know what I'm coming back for   I decided to come back for lunch and was glad I did!	statement	db
There were too many times when I had not-so-fresh salads here.	statement	db
I was ecstatic to find this little gem in a country where truly great non-Asian cuisine is hard to come by.	statement	db
As one other reviewer noted, even when making a reservation, they basically say you have to be out of the restaurant by a certain time and make it a point to re-emphasize the fact while you're there.	statement	db
Enjoyed dining downstairs much better since that's where all the cooking and action takes place.	statement	db
In fact, it was the GM, Ravi who ruined it for us.	statement	db
I first heard of it via a fellow blogger who went to Cicheti and loved it.	statement	db
Came here for lunch with a friend who lives in the neighborhood.	statement	db
My finger hovered over the mouse clicker for what felt like an eternity before I clicked on four.	statement	db
Unfortunately what dragged our meal down was the service.	statement	db
Not sure how or why there are so many lukewarm reviews on yelp, but I ate here several times during a recent trip to Singapore, and I was consistently pleased.	statement	db
It was the best food i have had in months (I live in Maldives, where there is plenty of Indian food, but nothing like Banana Leaf).	statement	db
Inspired by Andrew Zimmern 's ""Bizarre Foods"" episode where he visited Banana Lead Apollo (BLA) and had the so-called ""famous Fish Head Curry"" and raved about how flavorful it was, I found myself nearby at the Temple and opted to trek a few blocks further into Little India to this establishment to whet my appetite.	statement	db
The interior is cold lit with what appears to be around 4-5 kitchens where there are staff preparing dishes at their respective stations and you'll often find them unsettlingly staring deeply at you while you're eating.	statement	db
Didn't do much to my palette and this is coming from a person who walked into this establishment very hungry.	statement	db
All in all the fish head curry is a dish where you're guaranteed to get your hands dirty as it's a messy dish.	statement	db
Service is not quite tight especially when busy but just wave your hand and someone will come to you very quickly.	statement	db
It was not very busy (a Wednesday evening) when we were there.	statement	db
It was pretty much exactly what I expect from Butter Chicken.	statement	db
service was excellent and rather entertaining; the guy who was waiting on my table was humorous and friendly, something rare in such a busy restaurant.	statement	db
Service was slow, even though they were not busy when we arrived.	statement	db
It was clearly an indian restaurant who catered to the western market (as evident in their inflated pricing).	statement	db
I've never quite understood why a curry fish head restaurant had to also serve other things like tandoori chicken, but not everyone likes their food looking back at them.	statement	db
I'm not sure why shiitake mushrooms were used - it didn't go quite so well.	statement	db
Although it's available only on weekdays and there are no substitutions for coffee, it's a great deal, when even a single a la carte sandwich in Toa Payoh can easily cost $14.	statement	db
However when it comes to the taste, the beef was very lacking.	statement	db
They also offer free wifi for customers, however when I tried it (Assembly 1) it doesn't work... :/ [came here on July 11]	statement	db
Definitely recommend for people who just wanna chill in a café on a lazy afternoon.	statement	db
My friend also seemed to thoroughly enjoy her ice chocolate, for those who don't particularly like coffee.	statement	db
The remaining star comes from the fact that my companions seemed to quite enjoy their food and the decent portions, and we were served by an exceptionally friendly waiter, who was key to our whole experience being delightful overall.	statement	db
COOKIES & MILK ($9.90++) cookie dough ice cream, milk soil, cherry kirsch, peanut butter, honey cloud   It looked a pool of foam when served.	statement	db
The sauces were watery when they used to be vibrant, the flavours somewhat imbalanced towards the sour and salty, temperature inconsistent.	statement	db
Ahh I remember the sensation Saveur was when it first opened at Far East, and the queues one had to endure.	statement	db
Saveur always comes to mind when I'm in the mood for no frills but delicious western, especially with its convenient locations!	statement	db
Foodie alert ... What it seems to lacks in ambiance it MORE than makes up for in cuisine!	statement	db
Located in walkable distance to Dhoby Ghaut, it is definitely a place to try out when you are in the area.	statement	db
There are two floors to this cafe and it was quite easy to find where the stairs to the second floor is at.	statement	db
It was pretty neat interior design where it was a combination of simple yet there are some artistic works displayed on the walls, on the menu and on the display cases which is used to store baked goods (there are lego characters to brighten up a dull case).	statement	db
:)  It appears that the café takes up two floors of this shop house, and when I visited on a weekday in the late afternoon, only the second floor seemed open.	statement	db
I was in the process of calling them to place an order from within their own venue when a server walked by!	statement	db
A good amount of time passed from when I ordered to when I was notified of this!!!	statement	db
Figuring out an activity for an entire group can be a real headache - drinks, movie, supper or what have you.	statement	db
Play Nation was a choice made one of those random nights after everybody got fed up trying to convince the whole group why their decision was the best one.	statement	db
We found ourselves huddled in this small shop space, going through their shelves of board-games, unable to decide (again) what to play.	statement	db
Finally, there is a place where you can get to play all the board games you want without having to purchase any.	statement	db
It is a game where you try to win dominance over the area and strategise to block off your opponents.	statement	db
This place also offers private rooms where you can have you own hair metal party playing rock band or look like fools while playing wii.	statement	db
I have even heard that they shut down when they run out.	statement	db
Didn't know what to expect but the peking ducks hanging in the window were promising.	statement	db
I don't speak Chinese, so when I asked for duck on noodles and my buddy asked for BBQ Chicken on rice we weren't disappointed.	statement	db
This is a small-plates sort of place, where you share things.	statement	db
The menu channels the identity of its predecessor, Raw Kitchen Bar, where owners Sharon & Javier hooked us onto their creativity.	statement	db
The only reason why Kilo did not earn 5 stars is that the portion sizes are really small.	statement	db
With fusion cuisine having the tendency of trying too hard, I think many are often disappointed with what is offered.	statement	db
), I was greeted with what looked like a grungy New York city loft apartment, except there were a couple dozen chairs around large granite tiles masquerading as tables.	statement	db
With this list, it makes you wonder why other restaurants in Singapore rape you on their price points.	statement	db
They added what appeared to be rice sushi topping on top.	statement	db
Opened by the same people who started Raw Food Kitchen, Kilo is a foodie's paradise.	statement	db
For a small place where the table is cleared and when you take your seat, Misato is that good guy friend of yours that will help you in time of needs although he may not look like it.	statement	db
Bookmarked for future use when in the area :)	statement	db
It was less than $9 for the chicken katsu curry when I had it.	statement	db
The nian gao was really very smooth and tender and actually stretched a lot when we were picking it up.	statement	db
Kudos to the team - the table was set up nicely when we reached and the service was prompt.	statement	db
Whole duck was brought to our table where the restaurant captain did her magic, carving the crispy skin and then wrapped in thin crepe to be eaten with hoisin sauce.	statement	db
An established brand name when it comes to dim sum and chinese cuisine in general, I have had the chance to dine here a couple of times, but somehow i don't think the food is that great.	statement	db
One of the best when it comes to the famed bak kut teh dish here in Singapore.	statement	db
You can't help but notice the many famed celebrities who have tried his dish.	statement	db
So others who have a preference can go with the leaner or fatter meats if they so prefer.	statement	db
It does live up to its name and if you give it a try you will understand why so many celebrities have also loved it.	statement	db
And one bite shows you exactly what you're paying for.	statement	db
I was shamelessly slurping the gravy when no one was looking.	statement	db
Don't ask me why one is less palatable to me than the other.	statement	db
Fortunately, none of the stalls harass you about where you sit and what you order, not allowed anywhere but common in many centres.	statement	db
Unfortunately, this stall has been randomly closed on different days in the past year, and when it is open, it is a long wait to get your food, walk up, get your order on the list, and sit waiting for your food to come out.	statement	db
(order this baby and you'll know what I mean by ""red fingered')  No, the reason I stop in here as they really do have a nice selection of hawker stands, so you can have a Singaporean smorgasbord with little or no effort.	statement	db
Traditionally, this place has been the one-stop for all servicemen, especially recruits who are looking to purchase cheap items for use in camp.	statement	db
So an advice for servicemen is to check the products thoroughly and consult if they can be used in camp (especially when it comes to parade items such as their ""smartest 4"").	statement	db
It will be best to know what the standard prices are before bum-rushing into any stall and ordering everything off the stall.	statement	db
Welcomed by two deeply non-motivated front staff with the older gentleman being borderline rude asking twice about reservations and making a great long scene looking for the (massively easy to spell, Japanese 4 word first-) name - when I pointed it out myself.	statement	db
Using the crackers when necessary.	statement	db
They chose the Sri Lankan crab and not sure why but so much sweet meat.	statement	db
Room and table was nice after I requested we move from the cramped waiter station when the place was practically empty.	statement	db
I didn't think much of this one, but when the day I decided to venture out to get my chilli crab fix turned out to be a stormy day filled with rainstorms, I had to choose the easiest to get to.	statement	db
Cold dish and Spanish tofu is what I would recommend but the other 2 you can skip.	statement	db
We initially thought that S$20/piece was a little inflated, but what came out on the plate looked like lobsters.	statement	db
But there was one waiter who was very on the ball.	statement	db
Pricing was steep ($8) but hey, you get what you pay for.	statement	db
The only sad thing about eating here is when you realize that... You're out of crabs!	statement	db
If you are a visiting tourist and have no idea what to order, just let Eddie order for you.	statement	db
For friends who follow my reviews, you'd know that I rarely review or recommend local eateries.	statement	db
There's a real respect for the natural sweetness of fresh crab, and the combination of flavours won over someone who isn't even that big a fan of crabs.	statement	db
The highlight of the meal was what came next.	statement	db
Ok, why not, let's try it.	statement	db
I will never forget it and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes crabs!	statement	db
I haven't tried the food yet but from what I could see of the people around me, it looked pretty good.	statement	db
Saw this name when cruising to Malaysia about a month ago and keep seeing or hearing the name in Singapore so decided to try out on a Saturday for lunch.	statement	db
Although I have to confess when I first heard the name, I had honestly thought it was a new name of a bag brand or something.	statement	db
Can't really recall what they had.	statement	db
Thing is, I can never think of my future hungery self when I am feeling fully bloated with food.	statement	db
For those who used to the tangy Assam Fish Head, the Red Snapper Curry Fish Head $34.90 may lack the punch.	statement	db
No greeting when I arrived and when the meal is served.	statement	db
The hummus is still always highly regarded, so I will still come back for my tabbouleh desires and try another appetizer when the craving calls.	statement	db
Maybe that's why they served it with a heap of french fries.	statement	db
It's a great value for what you get -- pita comes for free when you order hummus and other appetizer dips so that saves money.	statement	db
I was impressed that they were able to provide us with the electrical outlet converter when I made the request.	statement	db
The room itself was very clean and when we left for the evening we returned to our bed folded down and slippers out and ready to be put on which was a great touch!	statement	db
It was 2004 when I first visited Singapore and stayed at this hotel.	statement	db
I was still young and naive then, when I stepped inside the hotel first time, I was so overwhelmed by the beautiful staircase at the lobby.	statement	db
Customized service is what they strive.	statement	db
Their suite room is very spacious, first time I stayed, I didn't know what to do with that huge room.	statement	db
This time they gave me a room on the 31st floor (top), where they have the executive lounge on the same floor.	statement	db
This made my stay more convenient as I was able to request what I needed to them easily.	statement	db
So when I rolled into the hotel at 8am fresh off the redeye, of course the room wasn't ready but I was escorted up to the lounge where I could relax for a bit.	statement	db
Wish more hotels would have the foresight, but this is typical for the Conrad brand, which we use frequently, when available.	statement	db
I have stayed here many times - it used to be our preferred hotel when I travelled here regularly.	statement	db
The gym is well appointed and overlooks the pool area where you can also get a light breakfast if you wish.	statement	db
I thought that the food was intended for the hotel guests who had access to the lounge.	statement	db
We were told that when we leave on Monday, since it's before the complimentary breakfast- we could have this sent to our room at 3AM before we left for our flight.	statement	db
The award-winning 24hrs Oscar's was a particular favorite supper haunt of mine when I felt peckish and extravagant in the dead of night.	statement	db
I especially like chilling here over a beer when live football matches are shown.	statement	db
And what I love most about Conrad is that amidst the mad crowds and bustle of the Marina Square and Suntec, you can always seek solace and peace in luxury there.	statement	db
The lobby lounge at Conrad doesn't exactly come to mind when you think of Hotel food outlets that specialize in something e.g.	statement	db
Not exactly the kind of stuff I'd pay for at a hotel if you know what I mean.	statement	db
No points for creativity but I guess most people want easy food when they're eating at a lobby lounge.	statement	db
Not sure how much my meal costs so you'll have to check that out when you get the bill.	statement	db
Just like other local dishes, there are different requirements to what makes a ""good bowl"" of fish soup in Singapore even to locals.	statement	db
The store auntie who takes the orders has an incredible memory - no matter how many orders and combinations you give her, she always gets your order right, great because the queues can be quite incredible during lunch time - it takes so long because each order is individually cooked and so many people come here.	statement	db
It might be a turn off when you first arrive as it is really kind of dirty and the queue is so long during lunch breaks that might make you change your mind.	statement	db
The soup is made even tastier when I drizzle their chili sauce in it.	statement	db
however, i haven't had too much vietnamese food in sg but from what I hear, this is probably close to as good as it will get, so for that i'll be back.	statement	db
), my judgements of Vietnamese food are always benchmarked against what I've had back home.	statement	db
I've never been disappointed by their bowl, but it's always good to have a backup in case they are closed or when i'm not near the East.	statement	db
Now i know where to head to for a perk me up in the Bugis area!	statement	db
Watch out when it comes to drinks though - I found the salty lemonade a little too salty and sour for my taste and the iced tea is a ""cooling herbal"" kind.	statement	db
Almost as good as what I had in the streets of Vietnam.	statement	db
To be really honest, there was hardly any beefy aroma when the bowl hit the table.	statement	db
Better but still short of what is good.	statement	db
I grew up eating pho in Canada (both Toronto and Vancouver) where you just cannot miss the numerous pho restaurants dotting the cities.	statement	db
So my standard of good pho is what you get from any pho place in North America.	statement	db
And they have this annoying habit of forcing 2 people to sit at two-top even when the restaurant's not crowded.	statement	db
Located not far from the hip Hj Lane, Arab St, it's a nice option when you're in the neighborhood.	statement	db
The pho was delicious - you get a lot for what you pay for.	statement	db
It was also when the staff was eating their lunch made by the kitchen.	statement	db
You know food is good when their own staff eats there.	statement	db
I had the sliced beef pho, while a little bland initially it's was spectacular when I added a little extra siracha and soy, which I prefer to it having been to salty or spicy to begin with.	statement	db
They are closer to what pho tastes like in the bay area and it is reasonably priced (cheaper than most pho places in singapore) give the salted lemon drink a try!	statement	db
Even though, I'm not a pork lover, I think that it is a dish that everyone must try when you are there.	statement	db
the missus and I are old school when it comes to food.	statement	db
And when its crowded, its gets really noisy and difficult to get the attention of the service staff.	statement	db
What my family can't or won't do as well, which is also why this place is so awesome, is to make great 'pak cham gai' (steamed chicken) and pork satay and pork chops as well.	statement	db
There have only been two times in my life where I haven't enjoyed the Thai food served to me and this was one of them.	statement	db
But enough of my childishness and let's talk more about the food, where it actually matters.	statement	db
We, of course, were excited to meet her for dinner and a little bit more excited to try something different from what we're accustomed to.	statement	db
Not to mention, you'll be eating out on the streets where bugs actually feast on you as you feast on.	statement	db
Pad Thai - very different from what I'm accustomed to.	statement	db
Breezy and popular with seniors who seem to be old classmates or literary types catching up on old days or having book club-type chats together.	statement	db
It is what it is - a place to grab cheap food near the library.	statement	db
If you want great American diner food at a reasonable price in Singapore, then this is where you come.	statement	db
My favourites are pumpkin for when I'm not so hungry and the Simon & Garfunkel when I'm starving.	statement	db
Then when the soup is served.. it's actually a heck lot of ingredients (Clam Chowder, Tokyo Chicken Stew..etc) I have tried nearly everything on their menu and I can tell you, everything (other than the minestrone soup) fills you up like any other main course.	statement	db
You'll never know when you will run out of cash and need the points from your card to get a free meal!	statement	db
(Yes, I do use my points to get a bowl of soup for free when I run out of money..haha)	statement	db
After some shopping spree at Sim Lim, Bugis Village, or both, you don't have to look further when looking for a bite to eat.	statement	db
I mean look, I am an Asian and brought up in a Chinese family where RICE is a staple.	statement	db
Seriously, you want to enjoy the food you eat, and it's hard to do that when the people serving you lie and cheat directly to your face.	statement	db
Seated promptly, we went up in o the buffet to see what was on offer.	statement	db
The staff were perhaps somewhat surprisingly very friendly, not stuffy, we saw them taking photos for groups and even allowing people to chose when they were served, so full marks here.	statement	db
As a once off experience when visiting Singapore I would recommend this, though there was nothing that would excite me to repeat my dining experience from the high tea perspective.	statement	db
I would definitely recommend it to others who are in the mood to splurge.	statement	db
I lived in Japan for quite some time, and I have traveled around the world a bit so for me it's quite hard to eat something ""not entirely local"" in a different country from where the food was invented.	statement	db
Only note of demerit is the fake Japanese atmosphere, where everyone shouts in Japanese welcome phrases but know no real Japanese language apart from those lines.	statement	db
I tend to want to check out ramen places and pho places no matter what city I'm in, just to benchmark.	statement	db
I didn't know what to expect, reading it was ""hakata"" style, but was pleasantly surprised, especially knowing I was trying ramen out in a mall (which in the US, is usually a recipe for a blech kind of ramen experience).	statement	db
Furthermore, the dining area is quite loud because the entire staff shouts at everyone who walks in the door.	statement	db
It's just a little annoying when you try to call ahead and then you end up waiting anyways.	statement	db
The pork buns are NOT as good as what the reviews say.	statement	db
But don't eat here too much because it's got a lot of fat in the broth, but that's also what makes it good I think.	statement	db
Wow, now I get why some people crave ramen.	statement	db
The food was delicious as expected and I'm sure there are ramen experts out there who are better equipped to provide a concise review on the food.	statement	db
I was so excited when I found out that they opened a branch here in Singapore!	statement	db
Imagine my excitement and my high expectation when I came to their branch in Orchard road.	statement	db
The waiter/waitress are very attentive when taking my orders and when making recommendation to my friend who is not familiar with Ippudo before.	statement	db
I could pretty much say that so far Ippudo is the only ramen restaurant where I get my ramen craving fix in Singapore.	statement	db
The queue was a bit of a put off but you know what they say, ""good things must wait""!	statement	db
We had to share a table with a group of 6 other people but didn't mind because everyone was eating their food in silence when it came!	statement	db
The extra star goes out to the staff who were super sweet that day.	statement	db
After I realised what had happened, I went back and they had kept my camera safely at the front counter for me.	statement	db
We got here when it opened (to avoid the long wait since they don't take reservations...I think for weekends especially).	statement	db
The service was attentive and my water was always being re-filled (I love when I don't have to flag down someone to re-fill water!	statement	db
I headed to Ippudo  by chance, was around the area when my friends and I were craving for ramen for dinner.	statement	db
The gyoza were excellent, nicely cooked and still piping hot when they were served.	statement	db
I would've appreciated if they had actually served the special, with the extras IN the ramem - as they tasted cold when left on the side plate.	statement	db
we got introduced to ippudo through one of our friends who raved about the pork bun.. i'd skip it here since the meat it cut pretty thin and it was just mainly sauce on a bun..   nevertheless.. if you do come here.. get the ramen... it's pretty damn good.. pricy for a bowl of noodles.. but it's definitely quality stuff.. the broth is truly flavorful	statement	db
The good: Best ramen in Singapore (forget what the self appointed ""ramen heads"" say).	statement	db
Probably the longest line aside from Astons (god only knows why people queue there).	statement	db
Perfect for those who prefer clear soup rather than a thick, creamy broth.	statement	db
Update: When I wrote my first Ippudo review, I actually haven't been there for months, maybe a year in fact.	statement	db
One of the reason why I disliked Ippudo was that their ramen broth was always lukewarm by the time it got to the table.	statement	db
It all began when I saw the long line outside a Japanese restaurant at St. Mark's Place in NYC.	statement	db
My husband, who often has half a bowl of soup left over in his ramen bowls, polished off the whole bowl of splendid broth.	statement	db
6 months later, I completed my homage when I went to Roppongi Hill's Ippudo in Tokyo.	statement	db
While the wait staff at Ippudo Mandarin Gallery attempt the same level of enthusiasm as their counterparts in Tokyo, I am reserving my fifth star for when their chashu attains the same melting quality.	statement	db
They lead you to a table where they help you feel around and get acquainted with your space.	statement	db
It was fun trying to understand what we were tasting without knowing what it was...Oh yeah!	statement	db
They don't tell you what you are about to eat (they ask before about allergies and preferences).	statement	db
Afterwards, they give you a questionnaire about what you ate and THEN show you on a tablet what all the dishes were.	statement	db
It's amazing what our brains do to compensate.	statement	db
For those who needs to go toilet, its best to have the ""passage"" clear before entering into the darkness.	statement	db
We were told to fill up a questionaire to recall and guess what we had eaten.	statement	db
The food was great and I tried tripe for the first time (I really wouldn't have tried it unless I didn't know what it was), so that made me feel really adventurous and all the food was really good!	statement	db
After the meal you will get to guess what dishes you had before they reveal pictures of the food.	statement	db
The waitstaff are your guides who help you walk up the stairs into the pitch black dining room, help explain where all your utensils, food, etc.	statement	db
At $78 per person it does seem a bit steep, but they do serve quality food and it is fun to try and guess what you are eating.	statement	db
Eating in the dark also raises your other senses so I could hear everything very clearly, and relying on just your taste to experience food is definitely very different from when you can clearly see what you are eating (and maybe even unconsciously judge food just based on the appearance).	statement	db
One of the highlights was at the end of the meal when they take you back downstairs and you write down what you think each dish consisted of and they reveal what it actually was and also show you the pictures of each dish.	statement	db
It was quite surprising and funny to see how wrong we were on some dishes and satisfying when you are right.	statement	db
The hostess pointed out an interesting trend about how what you end up guessing right typically indicates what type of cuisine or food you normally eat.	statement	db
Unfortunately I haven't given the restaurant more stars because I think it is overpriced for what it is.	statement	db
When it's time to dine you are introduced to your server,  who is visually impaired,  to guide you upstairs and to your table.	statement	db
Well, we were glad that we proved ourselves wrong as we left the restaurant as clean as when we got there.	statement	db
The tasting menu is good (The chef was previously from Ember and Private Affairs)  but what stands out from other restaurants is that this dining concept teaches us a life lesson on appreciating the finest things in life without sight.	statement	db
Not to forget that the guide who is visually impaired did a great job with the dinner service.	statement	db
We looked forward to moment where the hostess revealing the ""secret"" dishes.	statement	db
When I heard about this from a friend I met in Thailand who just happened to be going to Singapore the same time I was, we made plans to do this and I'm so glad that I did because our travel partners were super lame and not adventurous enough to try this.	statement	db
You're seated in the lobby with a menu to decide what you want; we did the ""ultimate NOX experience"" and I would highly recommend it.	statement	db
Your server will describe where everything is on your table so you can feel it out.	statement	db
Muscle memory I guess, you just remember where you left your fork, water/wine glass, etc.	statement	db
It really makes you use and appreciate your scent and taste buds since you can't see what you're eating and guessing what you're tasting/smelling really makes you question how refined your palate is or how far off you are from reality.	statement	db
At the end of the meal, you are led downstairs to find out what each dish was and it's fun to talk about why you thought something was what it was (or wasn't) with other people you were eating with.	statement	db
I enjoyed every dish, some of which I didn't like having had them before; I won't say what because I don't want to spoil anything for anyone.	statement	db
Ask for the off-menu seasonal items as well, and depending on what arrived that day, you might be treated to an amazing combination of dishes.	statement	db
Don't let the price put you off - you get what you pay for.	statement	db
In my opinion, the shortcomings were how about half of the things we wanted to order were sold out, and then they forgot the rice we wanted (and when it came after we asked for it a second time, it was not brown rice as we had ordered but we didn't want to incur another wait by sending it back).	statement	db
So, I was left standing outside of the restaurant  awaiting my colleagues who had made the dinner plans.	statement	db
Pork Belly  http://tinyurl.com/bpvol3a  Bacon Wrapped Oyster  http://tinyurl.com/a8uhd87  Bacon Wrapped Scallop  http://tinyurl.com/aq8ccn2  Pork Wrapped Asparagus  http://tinyurl.com/b5364hf  Tiramisu  http://tinyurl.com/aabv2m7  Dessert (Not sure what it was called but there was cocoa involved)  http://tinyurl.com/by2myuq  Dessert Crepe   http://tinyurl.com/bmbnhds  Things I liked:  Beef with cheese   http://tinyurl.com/b9z6x98  I am not exactly sure what this was.	statement	db
I was ecstatic when I found out they make their own!	statement	db
The place was not big and we were immediately seated at a corner and the next moment, a bowl of cabbage and special sauce was allocate to us  I already conclude that this is one of the best Yakitori restaurant in Singapore when I tried the first skew.	statement	db
Also, when using the sink around the restroom area, you have to step on the lever in order for the water to come out.	statement	db
It was almost 8.30pm when we stepped into this cafe and we were pretty hungry.	statement	db
By just looking at the menu, we do not really know what to expect as some unfamiliar ingredients popped out from the menu.	statement	db
Hate to need to deduct a point so fast, but tonight the nachos were made with what seems like very low quality cheese sauce made from a jar.	statement	db
The other reason that made me rate 3/5 was, the waitress was too quick to give our seats away when I missed to take their call.	statement	db
My wife and I were staying in Singapore for a few days so don't know what the usual cost is like but i would have given this place 3 $$$ instead of the 2 it had on yelp.	statement	db
Personal bugbear - i really hate when places do this.	statement	db
), at least you know there's a system behind getting your seat (amongst the things I brought back from london was an obsession with queues and an immense annoyance when queuing norms are flouted).	statement	db
However, one thing remained the same both times - I think their Truffle Fries are outstanding and from what I've had, the best in Singapore.	statement	db
I decided that I liked Symmetry when i first set sight on the cafe but by the time i left, i decided that i was in love with it.	statement	db
I remember when you first opened.	statement	db
But when a restaurant remains open it's a warning sign.	statement	db
I got a crusty piece of butter-slathered cardboard and what tasted like supermarket-quality frankfurters chopped up and served lukewarm in a saucepan.	statement	db
They have a very unique consistency somewhat reminiscent of what one might use for inseminating the *other* kind of egg.	statement	db
Y'all know what I'm talking about.	statement	db
Ultimately it comes down to the food but its a bonus when its a fun atmosphere.	statement	db
They could give nice suggestions aside from the usual blank stare when you ask whats good.	statement	db
My inner auntie frowns upon ordering a pair of eggs for $20 when you can get 10 for $2, but she's easily placated with cold cuts.	statement	db
Well, yes, but only when it's pay day.	statement	db
Its not an excuse for not being able to make a decent flan - one that would send you back to the days when your culinary mum would have made for you after playing a game of football.	statement	db
Symmetry is also home to a Slayer espresso machine, which can pack a double ristretto into each shot - if you are in any way sensitive to caffeine, please bear this in mind when ordering drinks!	statement	db
they have a cool system where you put your name and number into an ipad outside, and they send you an automated call when your table is ready.	statement	db
The bad:  When the eggs benedict came out I was excited.	statement	db
They took a few of the staples (english muffin, eggs) and added their own elements (cheese, caramelized unions, maple syrup bacon) to make what looked like an epic breakfast.	statement	db
I sat there for a good 10 minutes and tried to figure out why it was so bland.	statement	db
The ugly:  Atmosphere is there, and I can tell the staff tries hard, but I suspect the cook lacks western cuisine experience or got way too excited when making the menu.	statement	db
I like McDonald's and McDelivery once every month or two after drinks or when I'm too lazy to be bothered with real food.	statement	db
This problem is INTENSIFIED when purchased through McDelivery.	statement	db
Seriously despite the low rating, this is possibly the ONLY food delivery option if you find yourself hungry after midnight and I guess that's why they are still in high demand.	statement	db
I will not comment on the food quality since it's McDonalds and you know what you are getting yourself into (we all have our reasons to be there).	statement	db
But I feel that if McD is really customer centric and wants to improve on the user experience they would have at least tried to fix the following:  - the mobile app NEVER works, I mean never so I have given up already by now; - the site SOMETIMES works but when it does work there will be hiccups like not able to accept credit car over cash; - calling the delivery hotline is the most reliable and guaranteed way to get through to the order stage; however, during high traffic times (which btw is every time I called) they invariably will ask for your post code, have you repeat your entire address to them (including unit number and every detail) and then tell you that your area is experiencing high volume traffic and to try again in an hour (But seriously when it's 1 am at night will you try again in an hour/s).	statement	db
It is apparent that the system already has my mobile number because when I called they greet me by name.	statement	db
Just tell me you are not delivering when you see my postcode on your screen.	statement	db
This is double the frustration when you are already desperate for food.	statement	db
I had the flat white ($4.80) which was exactly what I needed - suitably strong with low acidity.	statement	db
The cafe aims to bring the creative and fun-loving side of people who may be mechanized by our hectic and mundane city life.	statement	db
When evening comes, the 'Right' section is separated by a sliding door where they conduct art classes!	statement	db
Their service staffs are also very well-mannered and friendly, especially the in-charge who was very outgoing and helpful in addressing our needs and queries!	statement	db
There was no one painting when I was there which would have completed my experience but it was still nice to look at people's work and creativity.	statement	db
The beef was tasty but when you order it with the foie, they GIVE SO LITTLE!!!	statement	db
I know of this place thanks to a Yelper who recommended it.	statement	db
The flavors change from time to time and when I visited, a few caught my eye: salted egg yolk, white chocolate nori (seaweed), grandma's favorite (chocolate, malt, dough) and yuzu etc.	statement	db
but i try..............  cones, waffles and cups which will i choose from here when will i stop i believe your ice cream brought me here and we should be together, babe you're cold but hot  i play it off, but I'm dreaming of you and I'll keep my cool, but I'm feinding  i try to say goodbye and I choke try to walk away and I stumble though I try to hide it, it's clear my world crumbles when you are not near  goodbye and I choke i try to walk away and I stumble though I try to hide it, it's clear my world crumbles when you are not near  i may appear to be free but I'm just a prisoner of your flavours and I may seem all right and smile when you melt but my smiles are just a front just a front, hey  i play it off, but I'm dreaming of you and I'll keep my cool, but I'm feinding  i try to say goodbye and I choke try to walk away and I stumble though I try to hide it, it's clear my world crumbles when you are not near  goodbye and I choke i try to walk away and I stumble though I try to hide it, it's clear my world crumbles when you are not near  here is my confession may you be my possession boy, I need you much yuzu, granny's, WTFudge with all my might I try but this I can't deny, deny  i play it off, but I'm dreaming of you but I'm dreaming of you babe i'll keep my cool, but I'm feinding  i try to say goodbye and I choke try to walk away and I stumble though I try to hide, it's clear my world crumbles when you are not there  goodbye and I choke i try to walk away and I stumble though I try to hide it, it's clear my world crumbles when you are not near  goodbye and I choke i try to walk away and I stumble though I try to hide it, it's clear my world crumbles when you are not near	statement	db
The icecreams have amazing depth of flavour with similar smoothness and density of Italian gelato and with all creations made from hand by Tom and his team, there is a reason why everyone loves it.	statement	db
My friend had trouble deciding what icecream took his fancy.	statement	db
Luckily I was more than happy to finish of the rest when my friend had enough of the rich flavours.	statement	db
Sure I'm a purist at times and like my ice cream clean with just one flavor but when you have mix-in's done right at Tom's, I promise you it is futile to resist.	statement	db
The rose and lavender flavours are also really unique for those who appreciate something novel and light (which I do) but as my ice cream philistine of a friend remarks, it could feel like ""eating potpurri"".	statement	db
It is also the pick among a lot of people who frequents this place.	statement	db
People who love ice-cream should go for the Granny's Favorite, Rum & Chocolate, Savory Crunch and for Coffee Lovers, You can try the Coffee Cheesecake.	statement	db
You will be greeted by a group of friendly staff, who will offer to let you try a number of flavours which you request or they recommend.	statement	db
I myself would prefer summer berries, as someone who like fruits.	statement	db
It tastes a lot milkier and creamier than the usual ice cream, to the point where it's almost the consistency of gelato - I like!	statement	db
It created quite a hoo-ha when we tried it among ourselves.	statement	db
They usually close for the day when they sell out, and the lunch crowd buys the bulk of the stock so be sure to drop by early for some homemade goodness.	statement	db
Relive the excitement when your sister let you lick the spoon when she baked her very first batch of cupcakes here, except this 'sister' has been baking for decades.	statement	db
Definitely one of the few places in SG where you can enjoy good and cheery service at a mid-priced eatery.	statement	db
Barely any of them walked about and only seen when they're bringing out food or drinks.	statement	db
I feel like it's a tad expensive for what they offer because I don't find anything unique about the place for that pricing.	statement	db
But me, I like to see a preview of what I'm ordering.	statement	db
I didn't understand why the wait was so long but I glad I waited, it's one of the better places for pancakes.	statement	db
Soft and tasty is what I  remember from my few bites.	statement	db
Another thing is both of us seemed to be competing with one another to see who gets more bites of it.	statement	db
Curious about the line so did what typical Singaporean do - Q.	statement	db
And they kind of just release who they are from inside.	statement	db
If you're sitting at a booth, you can even watch people in other restaurants from other levels having food and what not.	statement	db
Guess I know what to order on my next visit!	statement	db
Matcha souffle with softie ice-cream - I love the souffle but it was a bit wet towards the end when I got to the bottom of the bowl.	statement	db
The softie ice-cream was all melted and running when they served it which was a let down.	statement	db
I'd thought, well, it could be that people are simply curious about what this 2 week's old is capable of.	statement	db
And when the line starts to form, more people just keep queuing without a single complain.	statement	db
I know this is what I have to eat despite still nursing my throat discomfort & joined the queue - determined to know if they are as good as they claimed.	statement	db
aw.. but she was very well-mannered and patient when confronted with inquiries.	statement	db
I admit I felt a little uneasy when I picked that unfamiliar dish - Fuwa Fuwa.	statement	db
I have been advised to remind the kitchen to start preparing the soufflé when I was half way into my main course.	statement	db
As I was getting hungry to, why not see what is so special with pricey coffee.	statement	db
Now what totally sold me on this place was their Hoshino Souffle blew my mind as I never had anything like it.	statement	db
- I hate this branch... it is only good to meet people due to the location""   As I walked around looking for a table and got frustrated at the students who look like they are sleeping their faces are so deep into books and laptops, and the couple who were doing arts and crafts (yes....	statement	db
She gestured to the side where if you looked closely there was space for two - me and my colleague who would be joining me.	statement	db
I was a happy man - this place went what is beyond the call of duty in a starbucks and turned my frown into a delighted customer.	statement	db
So a good place to hang out when you out shopping till late around City Hall area or Marina Square area (but need a bit of walk if you from Marina Square)  High traffic that is for sure because is right above City Hall MRT station.	statement	db
Starbucks always do what they say they will do.	statement	db
they only give you one piece of pita and will charge you when they ask if you want more - just an fyi.	statement	db
the sausages were sauteed with baby mushrooms and onion which added a nice richness to the dish  lamb cooked in olive oil - i'm not sure what the name of our main was, but this was how it was described.	statement	db
Yeah, so probably ranks as a really disappointing local food experience (first in Singapore) and what makes it worse was that this place was recommended by a part-time local (she lives 6 months here and 6 months in India).	statement	db
Not sure why I would ever go back, if not for those yummy lime mint mocktails.	statement	db
Soft,  creamy and flavourful,  it comes quite close to what I was served in Dubai.	statement	db
Their halumi cheese on the other hand,  was too salty and that overpowered any other flavour your taste buds would have picked up,  and seems a tad bit too oily when compared to the other halumi dishes I've tried across Singapore.	statement	db
The shish taouk ( skewered grilled chicken)  served with lebanese rice is also a worthy option when choosing your mains.	statement	db
Also who can forget -  sheesha!	statement	db
Observation #2: There were no chefs cooking in the brick oven kitchen who looked of Middle Eastern origin either.	statement	db
I have no idea what I paid for.	statement	db
Pick one of the other restaurants further up Bussorah street, towards the mosque, where many diners were seen that night sitting under the warm moonlight having a wonderful meal.	statement	db
When I asked them what time they closed, they were like 1-2am, or even 4am on weekends.	statement	db
I have no idea where this dish is actually from).	statement	db
I think it's best to come here during lunch, when you have more opportunities to try certain dishes.	statement	db
It appears they have some good combos (4 wings + spam burger, for example), as opposed to dinner when it's more for groups and single diners (like me that evening) are stuck with just 8 wings or 16 wings to choose from.	statement	db
The manager was very attentive of our order and making sure we got exactly what we wanted when our order came up to our table.	statement	db
The food came quickly even though we were told that they had run out off whole chickens on a Sunday morning at 1130am when they had just opened.	statement	db
I we ended spending $50 for 4 people who aren't big eaters.	statement	db
While it did not taste oily when we were devouring the wings, the greasiness set in after that.	statement	db
the breast meat was very moist - really a wonderful delight when ordering a whole chicken.	statement	db
the Original flavor comes with a home made mustard sauce on the side and it adds a tangy touch to the chicken when you dip in it.	statement	db
one thing to note is that parking is hard to come by when you go to that area so i recommend the concourse.	statement	db
She really took care of myself and my friend who got a room during our stay.	statement	db
Last time when I came here for work, I actually stayed here.	statement	db
- Highly recommended for a date where both parties just wanna eat.	statement	db
Nice when the doorman recognize you and welcomes you back.	statement	db
The breakfast buffet offered a variety of choice that I don't see to often when traveling.	statement	db
Service is not what you expect for a Ritz-Carlton.	statement	db
This is one of those hotels where if you can afford the highest level, you will be treated well I'm sure looking at how some others are treated.	statement	db
Most of the time we dealt with the concierge who were great and always friendly, helping with locations and with anything that needed to be fixed.	statement	db
But later that day we got a humble apology letter from the manager and after reading what she wrote, you couldn't be mad anymore.	statement	db
The selection is lacking for savory foods, but who cares, this is afternoon tea!	statement	db
ambiance//***** what fun!~ i walked in an immediately recognized dale chihuly's works in the dining areas....the lobby's tea lounge has a set and mirrored at the breakfast/lunch/dinner area is another set of his gorgeous blown glass  i also enjoyed walking around the two-story waterfall inside that leads you from lobby to the pool....it's nice just to get away from the heat outside!	statement	db
the service varied...i had someone wonderful pouring coffee and answering my question about fruit...but there was also some who were thoroughly unhelpful  facilities//***** the usual swimming pool, spa, conference room, etc.	statement	db
services are available  ritz carlton delivers fully stocked amenities with a request list should you require anything further  for those who enjoy the extra touch, they offer turn down service!!	statement	db
Service was usually good, sometimes great but sadly deficient on a couple of occasions which is why there aren't five stars above.	statement	db
There were 2 of them who slept on the high ledges where no one could reach them, so we missed out on photographing and playing with them.	statement	db
Cats to me, I always feel like they are judging me when they are looking at me - 'you human, ugh' I myself have a dog at home, and that's definitely different too.	statement	db
Staff here were very friendly when we were there, and we were lucky to have visited the cafe at a not so busy hours that we could get in straight away without any wait.	statement	db
But, do pay close attention to them when they are telling you which cats they have there is friendlier, and which are less ;) I managed to see 7 of them during my visit, you gotta look all over the places to spot all of them!	statement	db
And for the fearful (like me), it's easy to stay in the corner and see where all the cats are so that there won't be any surprises.	statement	db
And we even had a 'show' of the owner cutting the nails of one of the cats, who promptly fell asleep midway.	statement	db
Service: The girl who worked there was really nice and shared a lot about the cats at the cafe.	statement	db
The cats are so chill and the people who work here really do love their jobs and the cats.	statement	db
Honestly I don't recall what I ordered, but most likely it was a noodle dish.	statement	db
Bang for your buck when you want a quick grub.	statement	db
The store is small so depending what time you go, you might have to wait for a bit before getting seated.	statement	db
Flipped the menu and what attracted me the  second time is curry ramen.	statement	db
The have rules on how you ought to eat the hotpot and will keep coming to you to tell you what to do.	statement	db
The condiments has: 1. yuzu zest (interesting but I can do without it) 2. veggies (hmmm) 3. egg (yes with runny yolk but nowhere close to what I consider a proper onsen egg) 4.	statement	db
However, Plaza Sing is not where I would like to roam around hence it was a pain!	statement	db
I don't really know, I just cringe a little when I don't know, but I thought, what the heck, I'm already here.	statement	db
(:  There's an instructional video playing outside while you wait, so you should be pretty well-schooled in what order to put the food in your hotpot, though I'm not entirely convinced there needs to be an order.	statement	db
Our supposed starter Nikumaki Onigiri, each the size of my fist, were served when we were halfway into our ramen.	statement	db
Shall try that with meal when my curry ramen craving kicks in.	statement	db
The feeling of a returning patron is always forward looking because I knew what to expect from the famed Tsukada Nojo under the AP Company.	statement	db
I have had the thick mochi mochi when I ordered the Bijin Nabe (Beauty Pan) previously, hence I went ahead to pick its cousin - thin egg noodles for my Shio Tori Nikomi - S$16.80++.	statement	db
Anyone who loves pork belly will find these starter pleasing.	statement	db
I have a friend who missed the timing to a beauty pan, and I hate to see that happen to you!	statement	db
Totally worth it when you get the first taste of the rich chicken broth though.	statement	db
I don't understand why Tsukada Nojo is so popular with such a long queue every time.	statement	db
Good food good price .... what more can you ask for!	statement	db
I realized too late that the fishball soup is what we should have ordered, as per other yelp reviews but I gotta say the Tom Yum soup was pretty darn good with great spice levels and just the right mix of soup broth to noodles and fish/ shrimp/ mushrooms/ vegetables.	statement	db
Food taste amazing and it was a favorite lunch spot when my studio was round the corner from this place.	statement	db
By separating it, it would not cause the fried fish to turn soggy when soak in the soup.	statement	db
Damn, the black bean sauce and the warm, über-tender, melt-in-your-mouth-and-make-you-see-god steamed aubergine was EXACTLY what I needed after a long day at work.	statement	db
You see a mix of young and old crowd who are here more for the vegetarian food.	statement	db
I came across this restaurant and brought my boyfriend - who was the reason why we were going there in the first place..	statement	db
I had a much more pleasant time today when i came at 6:30pm on a tuesday, and the restaurant was quiet.	statement	db
My recommendations based on what I can eat off the menu: -gluten free Belgian waffle with berries on top (used to be offered as a pancake but the waffle is way better) -any of the fresh, slow pressed juices, though they do come in small glasses -miso soup.	statement	db
My partner, who had been here before, warned me that service can be really slow (30+ minutes for food).	statement	db
More of the beet patty fell out of the burger than what stayed in.	statement	db
Theirs no dairy in any of their desserts from what i saw.	statement	db
Most of the tables were occupied, so it was a little noisier than what I'm used to.	statement	db
I pointed it out to a staff who said he'd look into it.	statement	db
Am definitely keen to come back to taste what else they've got to offer!	statement	db
It's ok, but burgeoning and is no where near as developed or sophisticated as in New York, Los Angeles or other cities.	statement	db
Very kid friendly place which is why I gave it a bump in stars.	statement	db
It's pretty much a perfect little dish which is why I know one friend who gets it almost every week!	statement	db
There are only one or two folks waiting the tables and when pummeled with a big crowd of hungry patrons, these folks just simply give up.	statement	db
Oh well, I won't complain too much because they are just understaffed when faced with large crowds and the food is so good!	statement	db
You get 4 kinds of chutneys no matter what you order.	statement	db
Came here with family who live in Singapore.	statement	db
And lemon rice... when they opened in Singapore, every Madras and Bangalore transplant in Singapore did a little leap of joy.	statement	db
Was looking forward to this and was with a colleague who had never been to Raffles.	statement	db
Service wasn't what I was used to from Raffles and for $62++ Singapore then not a cheap treat.	statement	db
Eating out is difficult for me in general, but eating at a buffet is particularly stressful as I have to inquire about ingredients of so many different dishes and it can be challenging to find someone who can really assure me of the food safety.	statement	db
When our server found out about my allergy they brought over one of the chefs who walked me around to each station and showed me all of the amazing options I had, which was easily around 80% of the room!	statement	db
The Raffles Grill is an elegant fine dining room, while the Writers Bar continues to pay tribute to the novelists and travel writers who have become part of the Raffles Hotel legend.	statement	db
We wanted to check out Tiffin Room and while walking across the lobby to the restaurant, a staff hurried up to us to ask where we were headed.	statement	db
It made us felt like there was an issue with us, and I was with a friend who came in from the UK.	statement	db
I must say that was probably one of the last times I dined at Raffles Hotel as I have since try to avoid it where possible.	statement	db
This is THE place where it was invented.	statement	db
Its really the BEST place where you can find this.	statement	db
I've heard mixed reviews about this place, but having a Singapore Sling here is apparently one of the things that one should do when they are in Singapore - much like having high tea at the Peninsula Hotel in Hong Kong.	statement	db
Okay, being Australian I generally don't tip, and when we do it is to put money in the tip jar, however I am more than happy to give a little extra for good service - something that I certainly didn't get here.	statement	db
I only got to sample this one so that might be why I thought the tea flavor wasn't as strong as I hoped.	statement	db
A Singapore institution, you feel like you've arrived in the world when you stay here.	statement	db
This grand lady of the hotel industry is a must see for people who like colonial history.	statement	db
It starts when you enter a cab at the airport and you tell the driver the destination Raffles Hotel ...	statement	db
The hotel is named after Stamford Raffles who founded the city of Singapore back in the 1800s.	statement	db
This place exudes British colonialism and is super fascinating since you really get a taste for this cultural and historical marriage when visiting.	statement	db
Or take a table outdoors at the Raffles Courtyard and let your imagination drift back to the era when Elizabeth Taylor, Ava Gardner and Rudyard Kipling whiled away their time in the Raffles elegance.	statement	db
Set your soul at ease with a drink in the regal Long Bar, the birthplace of the Singapore Sling, and follow that with a good rubdown at the Raffles Spa, where you will be set right for a good night's rest.	statement	db
All I remembered was the classic architecture and the part where I didn't have to pay.	statement	db
Service quality was also more at the level of a 3*** hotel then what I would have expected from a hotel like the Raffles.	statement	db
Had drinks at the bar and heard stories about writers who used to stay here.	statement	db
Surrender, too, is a multi-label menswear boutique with a penchant for lesser known designers who are big on style and quality.	statement	db
There's also an A. P. C. in the building for those who are fans of the French label's raw denim jeans.	statement	db
From the great staff, great classy decor, and the awe moment you get when you arrive here.	statement	db
It is a little pricey but it's a special treat when in Singapore so i thoroughly recommend going and enjoying the experience because you definately will remember it.	statement	db
Please remember to book before you go as it has always been busy when i have visited - you can do this in person, by phone or email.	statement	db
The barista was also very friendly, taking the time to explain what a kopi latte was and recommend some choice picks at the cafe.	statement	db
I ordered the laksa prawn noodle as I wanted to try what locals love to eat.	statement	db
One star off for the rather overwhelming truffle oil smell that hits you when you walk in - I like them truffle fries, but don't really want to smell like one.	statement	db
I went here with my wife for our usual Sunday brunch where we normally try to recover from a night of going out by eating a filling breakfast.	statement	db
It definitely brought me back to that feeling when my parents used to serve me banana pancakes when I was a young boy.	statement	db
I have to admit this place wasn't the easiest to find but the food is good and it comes out very quick after you order even when it's a full house!	statement	db
There's about 3 waiters they Kept coming asking what we ordered.	statement	db
Especially at the entrance where water filler is placed and tables, can't get through...	statement	db
While small, it's not too noisy even when crowded.	statement	db
I was staring greedily at the menu just 4 days ago when I was here and today I finally tried their Spiced Chai Latte (Christmas Special Drink) and Waffles with Rum&Raisin ice cream.	statement	db
Eating in Tolido's is a great opportunity for people who love breakfast and pastas.	statement	db
They understand what real Western breakfast food is.	statement	db
One of the few brunch places in Singapore where you can get some decently priced grubs!	statement	db
Ice blended sea salt caramel latte was great (but not so much when it's hot).	statement	db
Amazing food, fast delivery even when restaurant is full.	statement	db
Seeing it was empty, they decided to walk around to explore the surrounding restaurants and when we returned at 6.40pm, the restaurant was 70% full.	statement	db
When we ordered it for dinner, it came with Briyani rice for everyone and a bowl of what tasted and look like Mutton Masala.	statement	db
Many tourists and locals alike come here for dinner indulging in their famous curry fish heads where caucasian tourists seem very amused with!	statement	db
Prices are reasonable and while there are many other places to go where the food and environment may be even nicer, like I mentioned, this place definitely sets the standard where indian food should at least be!	statement	db
I don't know what species the fish heads are, but they're delicious.	statement	db
I definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to enjoy a real Indian cuisine!	statement	db
I also wouldn't mind a little more spicy zip, where applicable.	statement	db
I couldn't figure out why this place was packed.	statement	db
Decent Indian food but a rip off for where u are.	statement	db
There is a reason why so many locals eat here.	statement	db
It is packed when we got back during some late nights and also occupied the street around 6ish.	statement	db
My brother took time off when I was in Singapore.	statement	db
Honestly I didn't know where Cuppage Terrace was, I was secretly thinking if that would be another restaurant in an old building or dingy place.	statement	db
I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived there, it reminded me a newer version Tudor Court with nice shops.	statement	db
Originally I was really confused with the set lunch menu, it was not very clear to me what ""regular ramen +$4"" means.	statement	db
They were friendly but due to being so stressed they first got every persons order wrong so we corrected them twice and then when food was delivered there was something missing from each persons set meal.	statement	db
Will be back again when I have a craving for Hokkaido ramen.	statement	db
The ""king"" suggested the roasted pork cheeks and when the ""king"" recommended something, you better listen.	statement	db
I tend to find the soup a little too salty, and it os just a bit over priced for soup noodles when we have a lot of nice soup noodles to choose from.	statement	db
and that was back in 2007, when i first started yelping in the USofA.	statement	db
and when it opened it's second outlet at cuppage terrace, some sanity prevailed and this outlet became my current go to joint instead.	statement	db
yup, that's what they call it!	statement	db
you can then choose to add what you like, into your ramen, when you like it.	statement	db
it is what kama otoro is to tuna, rare, rich and resplendently tender.	statement	db
A good substitute for those who are addicted to Ichiran Ramen; though, Santouka can be too generous with the salt at times.	statement	db
And when you're dipping cold noodles in semi-warm soup... it gets cold quick.	statement	db
To qualify the temperature though, there s a page in the menu about why the soup temperature has to be just so.	statement	db
How true this is, I may never know, but all this conjecturing was forgot the moment we got our hands on the menu - our mouths were literally watering by the prospect of what we might get.	statement	db
At the side was a bowl of Japanese sticky rice, topped with crispy fried bits (of flour) the size of peppercorns - it was then explained that this was meant to be mixed with the broth when the noodles were finished, which I thought was the most fantastic idea!	statement	db
I knicked a slice or two of pork cheeks from my friends, who ordered the 'Choice Pork Ramen'.	statement	db
I guess it may have helped if the staff would explain what should have been done with the plate of ingredients and pork that accompanied the undecorated bowl of noodles, rather than just leaving us to our guessing game.	statement	db
I suspect that is what packs them in.	statement	db
The seating booths at the restaurant also offer lots of privacy for patrons; which is another reason why I rate this joint as a great place to dine with friends - no creepy eavesdropping going on here!	statement	db
But I cannot tolerate staff(s) who are rude to customers.	statement	db
The service staff's body was ""shaking"" all the while when we were talking.	statement	db
But the attitude of the staff is what changed our opinion of this restaurant.	statement	db
Well the staff just took less than 5mins to destroy the reputation of a restaurant who otherwise would scored a 3-4 stars ranking in my opinion.	statement	db
The chicken was also bright pink in color when I received it.	statement	db
But sometimes she might rush you when you are ordering your food.	statement	db
Will only visit when friends ask me to eat there.	statement	db
As for the chicken sauce.. from BBQ to teriyaki.. to be honest, it tastes the same to me as both sauces are quite sweet.. other than that, it's quite affordable and what you pay for is what you get for the quality of the food.	statement	db
And finally when the wait was too long and he had to rush off, they actually waived off this charge in recognition that they had too long a wait time.	statement	db
I already love Affogatos (vanilla ice cream with a shot of espresso) but doing it with Coconut ice cream is like that windows shattering in your head when you find your favorite dessert can actually be better.	statement	db
I already knew what I wanted, so I quickly ordered a bottle of wine, which was reasonable in price compared to other in the city.	statement	db
I came here by myself after work and sat at the bar counter (kinda awkward sitting in a table when all the other tables are pairs...).	statement	db
All of those dishes have been fantastic, with the hamburg steak taking the cake no matter what sauce I've had it with.	statement	db
I think they'd agree that the food was pretty awesome, and the service deserves a good mention too - every staff member was available, without being intrusive, and for newbies, I guess the only odd thing was when one of the staff handed me a key as I asked for the bill.	statement	db
He told me to bring it to the cashier, and when I handed it over, it hit me - it's a kitschy form of ""checking out"" of the restaurant, and it completes the cottagey/B&B-themed experience.	statement	db
Not what I expected at first, although I'm not sure what exactly I thought it would be.	statement	db
Expect a queue when you come by Ma Maison after work on every day of the week.	statement	db
For those who love to hunt for a good breakfast spot, you want to try it here.	statement	db
For parents who wants to enjoy these Swedish delicacies, fret not, Fika offers kids meal too!	statement	db
For those coming in groups, do inform them in advance like what I did and we were all seated at the comfy second floor.	statement	db
It's definitely a place worth going and great for those who are on their first date.	statement	db
Thank you for at least a decent meal and it's very reminiscent of what I had when I was in Scandinavia.	statement	db
I've never been to Sweden but they eat this in Norway where I was and everything was proper as I remembered.	statement	db
That was all I ate when I was in Norway as they served it with every meal.	statement	db
You basically come here when you're with a group who are craving for halal meatball (stuff of which you can actually make at home, it doesnt require an extensively skillful technique)  What I like about this place is ambience and service.	statement	db
But what was nice about it was that I was given a bowl of soup on the house (to quell my hunger and also to join in my other friends who have started eating).	statement	db
I also had the roasted chicken crepes when I was there, which was quite a sizeable portion and tasty.	statement	db
More fillings might be good to hold up what seemed like a deflated roll.	statement	db
This will be perfect for people who prefer to do without the numbing heat from chilli padis is most Aglio Olios.	statement	db
I felt this had an interesting slightly powdery aftertaste, which I'm not too sure what to make of but I enjoyed it enough.	statement	db
Definitely a revisit when in the area.	statement	db
It seemed like the entire crew was hanging out at the bar counter chatting and our desserts were no where in sight.	statement	db
The downside is I was just completely flabbergasted at why any service team would do that and I'm pretty sure my comments didn't make it to the management team.	statement	db
Take pride in what you do!	statement	db
There is a bar when entering (if coming from Haji Lane), barely space to walk past before entering the slightly more spacious lounge that has sofas, chairs as well as tables along the wall.	statement	db
Clear they know what they are doing.	statement	db
For those who are unfamiliar with the combination....it is a very popular American favorite eaten in the Southern states, created to satisfy the late night diners after going to clubs.	statement	db
Coz that's what I saw patron from the table beside us brought.	statement	db
But what I had and remembered was pretty good.	statement	db
But as you bite into the donut, this is where the disappointment hits you.	statement	db
Southern, refers to the states in the south-east of the United States, where they have a unique set of cuisine from the rest of the US.	statement	db
Both good, and pretty close to what you can get in Georgia.	statement	db
Overall, decently good by Singapore standards, but obviously not the best or most authentic when compared to Southern food in 'merica.	statement	db
I think this place is far from a 'cool southern diner' which is what they market themselves to be - save your money and go to MeatSmith!	statement	db
Pretty close to what you would get in the states.	statement	db
As a hard truth, the chicken tasted best when doused with the bourbon maple butter sauce.	statement	db
I appreciate the thick Oreo crust of the Mississippi Mudpie ($14) but this strength also became its weakest link when the pie layer is as stubborn as a rock.	statement	db
But what I liked best was the bacon maple glazed donut ($5) which reminded me of a sticky sweet Bak Kwa bun that BreadTalk introduced years before or the ""Sweet Mother of Bacon"" from Artichoke.	statement	db
I find myself coming back week after week to enjoy the fine burbon and the amazing musicians who grace the makeshift stage.	statement	db
I liked it, but when I look back it was like the sum of its parts made it seem better than it really was.	statement	db
Jonesing for some authentic southern food I practically had drool drizzling down my chin when I heard about The Beast.	statement	db
We sat outside where they use old wooden barrels as the tables and basic bar stools (no backs) for seats.	statement	db
The waitress seemed overwhelmed and it was hard to catch her attention because she never looked up or made eye contact, I think it was just too much for one well trained person to handle let alone a server who seemed very frazzled.	statement	db
Now that I know what to expect though, I wouldn't come on a busy night and I would try something else on their menu besides the fried chicken.	statement	db
The consistency of styrofoam and it immediately absorbed any drool I may have had when first walking in to the restaurant, figuratively and literally.	statement	db
Bourbon menu looked comprehensive for fellow Yelpers who like bourbon.	statement	db
I spent many years living in Georgia so I know what is delicious southern food!	statement	db
Also the food is made to order so it's fresh and hot when served.	statement	db
I recently took some friends who were visiting from Georgia and they were really impressed with the food and felt like they were back in the South!	statement	db
There are different areas where there are performances.	statement	db
I've had the chance to see the SSO perform in the Esplanade Concert Hall three times this season (in a wide range of seats), and what a great venue it is!	statement	db
It is walking distance to Millenia Walk and Marina Square, where you can grab a bite to eat before the performance, and connected by underground to several shopping centers and MRT stations.	statement	db
It was kept very clean every where you went.	statement	db
There are art installations in the walkway from Citylink, in the concourse, in the Jendela gallery... What I really love though are the free recitals in the concourse and in the outdoor stage.	statement	db
For me, I loved how I can experience multiple emotions when I was walking towards the River just outside of the Esplanade.	statement	db
Besides the comfortable indoor halls, there's also an outdoor stage by the bay which livens up the area when a band is playing.	statement	db
There's also a movie room in the library where you can rent for about $7 per hour - its a room with a TV and a surround sound system with a couch - so you can borrow a DVD and then rent the room to watch!	statement	db
Going to the Esplanade to watch anything is always a little bit exciting - probably because that's where most of the blockbuster musicals and international acts were showcased, at least before Marina Bay Sands came along.	statement	db
The structure of the 'Durian' got some negative feedback when it made its debut, but the Esplanade is now one of Singapore's iconic structures.	statement	db
This is situated just outside the Esplanade, where you can also admire the Esplanade's unique architecture that resembles the durian.	statement	db
Behind the theatre, you will find Makansutra, where all the local cuisine is concentrated.	statement	db
I've been to other concert halls overseas and I can tell you that you really pay for what you hear over there.	statement	db
It seems to be owned by coffee enthusiasts that are very serious about what they do.	statement	db
Their coffees and tea are VERY good whether hot or cold although I always order the hot version but can't resist stealing a sip from my friends when they happen to get cold ones.	statement	db
At the corner of Burlington Square, this was a bit of a hidden gem when I found it.	statement	db
It's apparent from the way they tried to explain to me what coffee was what that they know a lot about coffee and the one they recommended (I forgot which it was) was smooth, strong and delicious.	statement	db
I enjoyed my experience here very much, they didn't chase me out of the place when I decided to read a book there.	statement	db
I learned a lot from a fellow who's clearly a coffee nut, and loves to share it with anyone who has time to sit back and smell.... his coffee.	statement	db
Finally found one which was not too Long, and parents were happy that they get to rest their tired feet and sat down before I could decide that that is what I wanted    Order system simple enough.	statement	db
I saw them passing samples when they first opened and never took it (regret now).	statement	db
I really had no idea what was so great about this froyo place.	statement	db
This combination was not as yummy as what I had previously, mainly because the sunflower seeds had a musty taste/smell, thought it tasted old as if it had been out there for ages.	statement	db
A tip is to go around 11am when the store just opens because the queue can stretch quite long otherwise!	statement	db
the queues can get long, apparently, but when you get to the counter - make your choice of fruit/ crunchy toppings and sauce for a personalised yogurt parfait.	statement	db
Another of my favs is the stuffed pig intestine where the intestine is folded in on itself and braised to tender savoury perfection.	statement	db
Boy, I was so wrong when I came here to eat.	statement	db
The rest, I'll be struggling to tell you what they are named, but if you order it and I happen to be at the table, I'll be able to yell out ""OHHH THAT ONE IS DELICIOUS.""	statement	db
The specialty here is in Heng Hwa cuisine which obviously got me a little befuddled when I first heard of it because it is not all that common in Singapore.	statement	db
It was cheap and very good, with Chinese favourites that are at once familiar and interesting (because it specializes in Heng Hwa cuisine, which has that effect on me where I know it but not really because I'm also part Fujianese but not Henghwa).	statement	db
My aunts and uncles who are very traditional swear by this place, and I agree with their choice.	statement	db
The variety to Ramen caters to people who go flavor, richness, spiciness, non-spiciness and good Gyoza.	statement	db
The Menma (Bamboo Shoots) in the Ramen does not have the turn-off taste unlike what they serve in Ajisen Ramen.	statement	db
The place have only few tables where you can share a table with others if available.	statement	db
Sorry guys really not sure what the rave is about here.	statement	db
All 3 kinds of stock was ok seriously nothing that is remotely close to Yokohama standard - at lease this is what i think they ate trying to do.	statement	db
Good for those who bask in the hops.	statement	db
Ideal for lazy afternoons where you're not planning on doing much besides hanging out at joints like owls brew.	statement	db
I probably won't suggest you walking in the back streets in the area when dark..	statement	db
Arriving at 10 pm on a Saturday night.. and why was the sign said CLOSED!	statement	db
The place was empty when I went in the afternoon with my wife and friends and we had free reign to be one of those loud obnoxious Americans.	statement	db
On a visit to Singapore one must visit the famous Long Bar at The Raffles Hotel where you must treat yourself to the popular & extremely expensive & original Singapore Sling.	statement	db
I'm not sure why people seem to want to complain about the price, yes it's expensive for a drink.	statement	db
FYI, this is the only place in Singapore where ""littering"" is permitted.	statement	db
It's one of those things where you've got to do it once.. lovely bar, good service.	statement	db
It was however literally the only thing my wife knew of Singapore which included what continent it was on so we had to go.	statement	db
I brought some friends over to try the Singapore Sling where it was created and it is indeed the best I have tasted.	statement	db
I think I was the only Singaporean there when I visited.	statement	db
Peanuts are free flow and it's one of the rare places where you can flick the peanut shells on the floor without repercussions.	statement	db
Price: with tax a Singapore Sling comes to $36 -- not a huge deal, however what was disappointing was that this was the 1st cocktail I've had in 2 months (due to working in a dry country) and I did not even feel the slightest of anything from my 1 Singapore Sling..	statement	db
It was very, very crowded but we were able to snag a couch area in the middle of the bar where we happily sank into comfy couches to relax our feet and indulge in a classic drink.	statement	db
So I'm told that one must visit the Long Bar for a Singapore Sling when in Singapore.	statement	db
But oddly, a lot of crows hanging around, who couldn't be rid of.	statement	db
This is where the Singapore Sling was invented.	statement	db
The drink list is quite small and you can't even order all of the drinks( my fourth choice is what I went with ) .	statement	db
It's where the Singapore Sling was originally created.	statement	db
There is also a live Filipino band that performs though the night we were there, it was more of a golden oldie type of band rather than a band who plays their rendition of current hits.	statement	db
For those with a colonial nostalgia, Long Bar is where you can spend a couple hours at in the evening.	statement	db
I don't know if I would necessarily go that far, but I think you should realize that for the most part this is a tourist thing...but sometimes, it's fun to play tourist, as long as you know what you're getting into.	statement	db
I'd just like to say anyone who says the Singapore Sling is worth the S$30 you pay for it is a frigign liar and attempting to look pretentious because they are okay with paying that much for gin and juice (No Snoop Dogg or Snoop Lion, depends on how old you are).	statement	db
Apparently, going to Singapore and not going to place where the original Singapore Sling was created isn't a good idea.	statement	db
The drink was good, the price exorbitant, but I knew what to expect from past experiences	statement	db
The iconic Singapore Sling has been partnered with 4-5 alternate slings to cater to most tastes and the drinks are good, overly sweet, but what one would expect.	statement	db
First, when we ordered a dessert a shaker should have been brought out, no ifs ands or buts.	statement	db
But instead when we were later presented with our bill and then our credit cards to sign we had to ask for the shaker.	statement	db
Stupidly overpriced as most places in Singapore are, but I knew what I was getting into.	statement	db
Very touristy and a must visit when you're in singas.	statement	db
I have been to Singapore before and avoided this spot, but on a day when we had nothing to do and walked right past it we thought what the heck.	statement	db
We are tourists after all, let's see what the fuss is about.	statement	db
That is where the charm begins and ends.	statement	db
I don't know how or why this is appealing.	statement	db
When I visited, we were quickly rushed in and 2 minutes later asked what we would like to order.	statement	db
It is a nice looking bar in a historical colonial sort of way, which is why this is a two star review and not a one.	statement	db
Bottom line is you pay $36 (including tax and auto-service charge) for an over-sweet cocktail made from a bottom shelf gin (Gordon's), this being the Original Singapore Sling which is presumably what everyone is here to try.	statement	db
$36 for a Gordon's cocktail... What was I thinking.	statement	db
The drinks prices are extortionate, and when my chosen tipple came out to me the tonic with my gin was flat.	statement	db
Raffles is the classic place in Singapore where every English tourist wants to stay, or visit.	statement	db
Yes it is expensive, but what would you expect from the place of the original Singapore Sling.	statement	db
Its because peanuts are free while you're here.. and when you de-shell the peanuts you just casually toss the shells over your shoulder onto the floor.	statement	db
Yes, it is a tourist destination, but if originality is important to you, then you gotta do what you gotta do!	statement	db
According to my cousin, this is probably the only place in Singapore where you're allowed to litter, so enjoy cracking those peanuts and knocking those shells on the floor!	statement	db
I'm not a really a fan of the sugary Singapore Sling, but Long Bar is where they were invented and so that might warrant a visit in itself.	statement	db
The bar is gorgeous, just like the historic Raffles Hotel where it's located, the peanut shells strewn all over the floor make for a casual and fun atmosphere, and on the night we visited, the cover band was more than entertaining.	statement	db
The Long Bar at the historic Raffles Hotel is one of those things you have to do when coming to Singapore for the first time.	statement	db
The original place where they invented the sweet concoction of the sling but be warned b/c it is pricey here.	statement	db
When I turned 18 in the States, I knew when I came back to visit Singapore, I wanted to order a Singapore Sling from Long Bar in the middle of the afternoon.	statement	db
A  very cool bar where I felt taken back to the old days.	statement	db
I thought it was pretty shocking that you were allowed to throw your peanut shells on the floor - the only place in Singapore where littering is encouraged.	statement	db
I recommend this as a mid-afternoon stop, right when you're drenched with sweat and ready to pass out from heat exhaustion.	statement	db
Once you've cooled off (but NEVER dried out), downed your drink and tried to contemplate what the fuss is all about, you'll be ready to check ""Singapore Sling"" off your list and move on.	statement	db
My somerset maugham was excellent, for those who are not a big fan of sugary sweet cocktails.	statement	db
These days you'll see just about anyone here - anyone who can afford it at least.	statement	db
I enjoyed it, my friends enjoyed it, and I'm sure to come back, especially on nights when the band is on, for my next fling at the sling.	statement	db
I would still recommend walking through the hotel though, it brings you back to what you dream of traveling to the South Pacific would have been like 50 years ago.	statement	db
There was no Yelp in Singapore when I was there back in April (to my knowledge) but I figured it's never too late to Yelp the places I visited when I was there..especially since I was pretty detailed in my blogging about my trip haha.	statement	db
We tried asking a worker for directions because the restaurant didn't look anything like what I imagined the bar to look like.	statement	db
By the time we found the place, we were told that they were about to close but they allowed us in when we told them we just wanted a quick drink.	statement	db
I've never had one before but I figured if I knew where it was invented, I should definitely try it.	statement	db
The first thing you will notice when entering the bar however, is that the floor is covered with peanut shells.	statement	db
The decor was apparently inspired by Malayan plantations of the 1920's and when you enter you feel like you are walking into a timewarp.	statement	db
We had no idea what to expect so we were pretty exited about this famous drink.	statement	db
Blackcurrent Lemonade ($4.90) It looks quite cloudy when served.	statement	db
The place is a bit dim in lighting, so difficult to take photos even when sitting by the window.	statement	db
Given what I went through to get Sunday brunch in Kampong Glam, Stateland deserves 5 stars.	statement	db
Trusty Yelp app pointed us to Working Title, where apparently the chef was running late which meant the sole person running the F&B portion was unable to cook breakfast.	statement	db
As it turned out the hotness composed by Szechuan pepper combined with red chillis was exactly what I wanted ( but was not hoping for).	statement	db
I'm a fan of the Korean and the Vietnamese stalls and find myself wandering here often when I want a quiet lunch of people watching.	statement	db
Highly recommend if you're in the Somerset/Orchard area and you're not sure what you're hankering for.	statement	db
Can't really get wrong when visiting the food halls in 313@Somerset, Thai, Indonesian, Indian, Chinese, Japanese... You name it, it's there.	statement	db
There is a ToastBox where I get my Home made iced lemon tea from, Tokyo Mario Pasta for mentaiko ramen and a host of other stalls.	statement	db
There is a 2nd level seating as well but it was closed to diners when i went.	statement	db
I'm normally not impressed when hotels try to offer local fare but I have to say their local food is pretty good.	statement	db
The service here is very prompt, possibly one of the best when it comes to buffet places.	statement	db
Recent buffets fresh in my mind include Carousel, The Buffet at M Hotel, and one other one that was so mediocre I don't even remember where it was.	statement	db
We visited the Bao Makers on the last day of our holiday when we were quite full from our previous dinner, but at the back of my mind I always remembered my conversation with Em that I'd go and try the bao at this place.	statement	db
From Lavender MRT station, the walk takes around 10 minutes, but do bring an umbrella if the weather forecast is rain as there is no shelter for most parts of the walk:   When I think of 'Bao' (Chinese bread), I expect a Chinese style cafe or something like that but when I entered the cafe, it was different from what I expected.	statement	db
Ambiance is simple, though it can get a bit loud and echo-y when there's a lot of people.	statement	db
Finally a cafe where there is actually space and i don't feel claustrophobic.	statement	db
So not entirely cheap for what was offered.	statement	db
Pork Trotters Parcel - $18  The whole grilled seabass was something not within my expectation as it was bigger than what I had thought.	statement	db
Came here for dinner on a Saturday night - restaurant was pretty quiet save for a table of girls who were holding a hen's party.	statement	db
My biggest grouse was the crème brûlée, where it was a teensy, teensy ramekin.	statement	db
The above was what happened to me and my partner.	statement	db
It felt like the servers, when speaking to them, needed to be told SOP's how to do their job.	statement	db
A salad some might say, especially for  French restaurant where vegetables are typically considered to be garnish.	statement	db
I'm not French foodie, but I am when it comes to Vietnamese so I definitely know what I'm talking about here.	statement	db
I'm not sure why Li T. wasn't able to try the Poulet Roti, but it is indeed available for lunch.	statement	db
Well, apparently i think different from the rest of the diners who were there.	statement	db
As i was sitting there, watching the cooks work in the kitchen while waiting for breakfast to be served, i kept wondering why i didn't see crepes on the menu though i could see them making it.	statement	db
The mystery was solved when my platter was served.	statement	db
Their is a limited menu though and if you have friends who are kosher this will be an issues.	statement	db
While all of this tasted as it should (read modern delicius french cuisine) let me tell you what I should have been eating.	statement	db
Having been eyeing it's much more affordable set lunch, I finally had a taste of what Cocotte food is like even though the signature Poulet Roti was unavailable.	statement	db
Had to add another $3 for this but I think it is worth it because I wanted to try escargots when ever it is available on the menu.Though I still prefer the garlic and herbs version of Le Entrecôte's,this one is not too bad either.	statement	db
The Roasted Pork Collar The very hot pot came to us with two other sides and you will go WOW when the lid is opened.	statement	db
What was left after taking our first huge serving each, this was what was left after 2 rounds of pork.	statement	db
And in the end, when the waitress's came and cleared the table, she asked if we would like to take away the remaining palm sized piece of meat.	statement	db
Portions are huge so sharing is definitely one option you should consider when you pay it a visit.	statement	db
Price wise, there's been a significant increase since they opened, but overall, when you consider the quality and authenticity of the food and the ambience, it's really quite worthwhile.	statement	db
Features a young chef who is very talented.	statement	db
Not only did they forgot about me when I checked in at the front desk, but my view of the city was severely obstructed by another couple.	statement	db
I guess that's what you get for being a single diner.	statement	db
Personally, I do not believe much in overly ""experimental"" or molecular cooking as I want to eat properly when I'm hungry and enjoy great quality combined with creative excellency, as is the case with chef Kirk Westaway's cooking.	statement	db
Quite simply, Jaan is one of the best fine dining restaurants in Singapore and another one of what I would expect to get the top Michelin Star marks.	statement	db
Writing about Jaan on here is like doing so for Andre, almost every review written is much better than what I can ever write.	statement	db
I was expecting a typical boring French restaurant that you'd find in London, NYC and other cities that are pretentious and uninspiring with your traditional pigeon, foie gras, sea bass, etc but was pleasantly surprised from beginning to end where Chef Kirk Hathaway did a hell of an amazing job putting together a menu of creative and tasteful delights.	statement	db
I hope this was a Valentine's Day thing only since it was busy, but there was no one there to pour the wine even after multiple requests (it was on a separate table since there was no room on our table) when our glasses were empty.	statement	db
There were a few courses where the server would come out and recite what was memorized and quickly leave which was pretty annoying for a place like that, especially if I can't understand their accent.	statement	db
The main server who was running around still was a total rockstar.	statement	db
Jaan is constantly rated as one of the best dining experiences in Singapore and in Asia so I must admit I had some pretty high expectations when arriving on the top floor of the Swissotel where it is located.	statement	db
No problem for us but when we were then ready to order wine for the meal the surprise came.	statement	db
The waitress we had actually was a bit off as she put out the cutlery on the table on the correct side of the plate for three of us but constantly reversed it for the fourth person at the table (the same person who she refused to let order the wine pairing).	statement	db
They're known for their pigeon meat- I tried for the first time and I'm not sure what to think of it.	statement	db
I went to Jaan when Chef Julien Royer was there.	statement	db
This is what fine dining should be and there is nothing more that I can ask for.	statement	db
Don't get me wrong, it's still an amazing place, so let me start with what I liked.	statement	db
Another favorite presentation was when we received a carton of eggs opened up, with dry ice billowing a fog below it.	statement	db
- I think back to Alinea where I ate a fruit leather balloon or had a decadently filled Chocolate urn shattered onto my waterproof tablecloth.	statement	db
- When the cheese tray rolled around as one of the last items I thought to myself well I'm pretty full already but heck this is probably some grade A amazing cheese and I've already paid for it.	statement	db
I would have certainly denied it to fill up on more of what was to come if I had known.	statement	db
But I think what got me was that the dishes all involved a lot of the technique of modern haute cuisine, but seemingly without any real soul.	statement	db
The flavors run all over each other, and there isn't a core experience of what these flavors are together supposed to create in your mouth.	statement	db
It seemed like there was so much excellent technique, but when all was said and done the parts of the meal do not sum to anything greater than these several parts.	statement	db
We even made a point to mention to the server that we thought they were bad when she asked, but she made no effort to find out what we meant or to rectify it.	statement	db
If I'm asked why I did not eat something, then I hope you will try to understand what I said and act on it.	statement	db
We went when there was only the staff left, so service was quick - almost too quick, however it was attentive and we did not feel rushed after we ordered.	statement	db
While I do believe this place ranges on the pricier side, the great staff, proximity, and yummy pizzas is what makes me a regular patron.	statement	db
You really have to grab people to get what you need.	statement	db
The fact that I was given a stew inside a cute iron pot instead of wrapped in paper  means our pals at Piedra Negra don't understand what the dish is about.	statement	db
I must admit I can't remember what everyone else had as we had too many cocktails...	statement	db
I don't understand why this place has any bad reviews..	statement	db
We only drank when we visited but the food looked and smelled delicious.	statement	db
Mexican food in Singapore is a bit hit or miss, so we were not sure what to expect.	statement	db
I also noticed the tables around us were getting up and going to the bar when they needed someone, as the servers were either absent or had forgotten.	statement	db
In conclusion, I would order food for takeaway, or possibly come back when I had an hour to wait for my food.	statement	db
What I wish they had was a Super Burrito -- the burritos where you can get meat, beans, rice, salsa, sour cream, cheese, guacamole all rolled in a big burrito.	statement	db
Prices are inexpensive for what you're getting -- we will definitely be going back.	statement	db
ok, so i wouldn't come here expecting a ""mexican"" joint, but the food is decent if you take it for what it's worth.	statement	db
I love Mexican food and this is why I do not love Piedra Negra.	statement	db
Usually when I am eating there it is because the band is awesome or our friends want margaritas or because we are done with hookah and need a change of pace.	statement	db
I have to say when I would get of tortilla and sauce it was great.	statement	db
I had seen this place several times in passing but had never ventured in so when a friend suggested meeting here for dinner and drinks I decided it was a good time to try it out.	statement	db
It tasted okay but was not what we were expecting.	statement	db
Piedra Negra is one of those places where I could come and get the same thing over and over again because its just that good!	statement	db
I am not sure why some people have rated this place so high.	statement	db
Personally, I am a traditionalist who would prefer the version from Taratata Bistrot.	statement	db
For the record I was really taken aback when I heard they don't serve water at Poulet.	statement	db
The signature roast chicken with the spinach and mushroom chardonnay sauce flirted with being too rich which is perhaps what makes it satisfying.	statement	db
The way the salad is described on the menu would lead one to think it's a chopped salad with chicken when it really is a chicken salad sandwich sans bread served finger-food style on a lettuce leaf - it shouldn't have been lumped together with the other salads in the first place.	statement	db
It's all hit-and-miss here but Poulet can be a place to enjoy an affordable faux-French bistro experience if you make the right decisions when ordering.	statement	db
Plus, when served, it wasn't warm.	statement	db
Not sure what drew me here, given that I'm not exactly the biggest fan of chicken.	statement	db
The place is lovely though - open concept dining and attentive staff who never let your water glass deplete to more than half full.	statement	db
However, it seems hard to get their attention when the crowd started to come in.	statement	db
And that's how I discovered Poulet when I was there one day.	statement	db
So for those of you who shun the sun, come at night!	statement	db
We went at about 5:30pm to beat the crowds and got a nice table--service was pretty good, our waitress was polite and only as attentive as necessary (we can't stand wait staff who are too pushy) so that was good because it allowed us to enjoy our mean uninterrupted.	statement	db
The staff were kind and often offered to change our plates, bring new napkins and what not.	statement	db
But when French butter, onion, shoyu and some secret broth is reduced in a right way and tossed with sausages, spinach and bacon, the dish  ($16.80++)  turned out brilliant, better than it should be for what went into it.	statement	db
Upon tasting, just as I expected, instant and mixed in with the bare minimum of what makes a clam chowder.	statement	db
3 dishes for $40+ is not value for money and if I'm going to compare it to other places that serve me seafood in a pan than you're better off at fish and co or Manhattan fish market where you get a bigger bang for your buck.	statement	db
It's so weird when they just put a half hotdog twice inside.	statement	db
Went about 6.30pm when before the queue started.	statement	db
Good pasta texture and shoyu broth base that when well with the egg.	statement	db
I can see why it is their signature.	statement	db
Servings were large, and you order from a tablet attached to the table, which is nice for seeing photos of what you're going to order, but I would have liked to see some descriptions or ability to comment with special requests.	statement	db
Okay, I'm not a huge fan of Raffles Hotel, but that didn't stop me from coming in here to see what their coffee was like because, well, it is Raffles and I am sure they weren't going to undermine their reputation by selling bad coffee.	statement	db
Well, as it turns out they certainly didn't do that, as my Facebook post attests when I sat down in the court yard with the coffee that was gracefully and skillfully made by the barista in the bakery.	statement	db
The scone set is what I get as it's reasonably priced at about $10.50 for scones and a cup of tea.	statement	db
It smelt umami when served.	statement	db
exquisitely light, fresh as sea and delicately balanced, what a start!	statement	db
in fact, those who had the beet dish wished they had the scallop dish instead!	statement	db
Or if you don't know what you want they can make you something custom.	statement	db
You can get 50% discount at market restaurant (forgot exact name) where you can get all kinds of seafood and etc buffet dinner.	statement	db
I'll be coming back to SG regularly and will stay here when I do	statement	db
What a beautiful property, wonderful management who was very understanding of our needs and cultural differences, and fantastic workers - even down to the baggage check men with whom I had wonderful discussions.	statement	db
So when people act nicer, I appreciate it, as most couldn't care less if you dine in their establishment or not.	statement	db
Also all of my interactions with the desk staff, or room service people or whoever were pleasant, which is important when you're on business for 2 weeks in a foreign country.	statement	db
Overall it's good  The only downside is that I was gives a two beds room where I have requested for a kingbed.	statement	db
The rooms' decor did not change much from its days when known as Raffles The Plaza.	statement	db
The only change I could discern was the toiletries (I missed the days when Aveda products were used).	statement	db
Check-in staff are really nice and I remember once, my phone died and I needed to call someone who was staying in the rooms - and the staff at the lobby were very friendly, and totally did their best to help me.	statement	db
This is one of the better hotels in Singapore where I occasionally stay or book clients into.	statement	db
The service is very good and the location is excellent depending on what you have to do of course.	statement	db
The Fairmont Gold Floor incl the lounge is pretty nice, the offerings in the evening for cocktail and snack hour are of good quality and definitely in the upper range of what the chain hotels offer.	statement	db
Both are tart blanc's best sellers and after I tried them I instantly know why and agree!	statement	db
I came with someone who didn't like dessert, but he had to admit that the tarts here were very good.	statement	db
I didn't know what to expect of its savories - but my sandwich of mushroom and beef was surprisingly filling, with wholemeal bread holding in a rather generous mass of cheese and shroom and meat (I took half of it away).	statement	db
I was upset that the blood orange matcha was sold out when I reached the store at 6pm on a weekday.	statement	db
You get what you pay for, I suppose.	statement	db
The parathas were decent but not what we wanted.	statement	db
But just point and ask the counter staff and they will tell you what everything is, and they are very friendly.	statement	db
Imagine sweet snd succulent but more importantly meaty (not crab shavings) crab flesh carefully moulded tightly within a light batter that tasted a little like slightly crusty Parmesan cheese and carefully placed on what tasted like light lemon mayo aioli.	statement	db
Kurobuta pork with spiced apple jam - So I read a review of a prominent food critic and wondered why he chose to eat the kurobuta pork vs the beef.	statement	db
But when you start to slice the pork with your knife, you will realize how tender it is.	statement	db
Luke's is a cool hidden place, somewhere that will catch anyone off guard if they have no idea where you are taking them.	statement	db
Just to find this place, you need to walk to through the Robinson's in the Heeren and ask around to where you will find what looks like a backdoor to nowhere only to find a beautiful and sleek modern restaurant.	statement	db
I liked how the server was willing to serve the portion on two plates when requested as we were sharing,   It is a small intimate place which has a few alcove like tables for two, giving a bit of privacy to diners.	statement	db
I've always been curious about this hidden outlet in Robinson's, so when the opportunity arose, I invited a friend for a drink here so I could check out their bar.	statement	db
Finding it isn't too difficult if you see where it is on the outside.	statement	db
I loved how they had this interesting cocktail that I unfortunately forgot the name of, but it's description was very vague- named after a Mr. Connelly who wears pink shorts, and when you order this drink, you must ask for extra onions.	statement	db
The lunch reservation was made through Michael, the general manager of the restaurants who is so obliging when I had to make changes to my appointment a few times.	statement	db
Quality is what I have been rewarded for the wait.	statement	db
What matters most, is the vast mouthfeel experience when the icy cold met with the warm banana tart underneath.	statement	db
Coming from California, I've never had es cendol taste so legit and like pandan than when I came here.	statement	db
My body reacts very strongly to MSG; in addition to feeling extremely dehydrated, I also feel like I'm wide awake and have trouble falling asleep, which is what happened to me after eating here.	statement	db
Understandably, perhaps their more traditional dishes are where their strengths lie, I ordered the $6 chicken pad Thai and $6 crab fried rice.	statement	db
The venue is very simple.... Just when i set down, i realized i was the only non-Asia  (which I thought was a good sign).	statement	db
You know the food's gonna be good when the place is packed and you hear Thai being spoken.	statement	db
Went there one night and over ordered as usual (a consistent trend when I have Thai meals).	statement	db
It's definitely worth the trip to Golden Mile, especially when compared to the choice of lackluster Thai establishments you find in the shopping malls.	statement	db
Fortunately Golden Mile isn't too far from where I live, and often this is the place I'll go to when craving Thai food in Singapore.	statement	db
Apparently they are having this lunch deal promo (Mon-Fri from 12-3 pm) for S$10, S$12, S$14 price - depending on what you order.	statement	db
The reason of why I don't give 5 stars is because food may take quite sometime to be served.	statement	db
But it turns out nothing as what we expected.	statement	db
Unlike other brunch places on Sunday, this place is empty when we reach.	statement	db
My another friend who is a vegetarian ordered the portobello egg and cheese.	statement	db
Not sure what to feel about this combination as it is pretty new to us too.	statement	db
But I don't think the right term for ventilation is what I just described.	statement	db
Doubtful service: when ordering the staff was not sure if the yelp's 10% discount is available, and they had to ask their boss (who's not around).	statement	db
End up, some of my friends have the discount and some don't, depending on who you were being served by.	statement	db
Our suspicions were quickly confirmed when we spotted a table propped up by two old Mac computers, coasters made from floppy disks and a coffee blend ""feat.	statement	db
My parents visited the stall quite frequently in the past when I was a teenager.	statement	db
Compared to the reviews I was hoping for better maybe it was an off day but I think food should be a good temperature of warmth when given if it supposed to be hot food.	statement	db
My mom and I were looking for a place to have lunch when she saw these teenagers holding plastic bags filled with take-away food, so we asked them where they got them from.	statement	db
I'm embarrased to say though I'm an Asian but I can't really take the heat, so don't worry when I said not spicy, it's not.	statement	db
Temper your expectation as you are in a tourist attraction area where food is not the focus.	statement	db
The food is nothing like what it was shown on the menu.	statement	db
Kaya toast - toast is not even warm, feels like it's been made for a while, put aside, then add the kaya when there's order.	statement	db
I can't hear from them anything when they serve dish or clean the table.	statement	db
The Fried Hokkien Noodles is unlike what you usually get at the hawker centre.	statement	db
The curry chicken noodles was unlike what was shown on the menu.	statement	db
On the menu, the chicken were in shreds but when it was served, it was 2 large pieces of chicken thighs with the bone in.	statement	db
But when it came, the carrot cake itself tasted sour, like it was old.	statement	db
I don't quite understand why there isn't oodles of raving reviews for this place.	statement	db
You can even hear the crack of the seaweed when you eat it.	statement	db
My aunt happened to be in Singapore when I bought the martabak home and she had a taste of it.	statement	db
Friends from Jakarta say that its pretty close to what you can get there.	statement	db
Given that it is one of the few places that does sell martabak manis, its a bit expensive (esp comparing to how much cheaper it is in Indonesia -__-) but when you have a craving you have to fulfill it ^_^.	statement	db
I'm quite particular about my pizza crusts and I had it when its too thin.	statement	db
This is one of the only places where I've been able to find a more authentic American-style pizza.	statement	db
I would definitely come here again, because I know it is a place where ""pizza"" really means pizza.	statement	db
The first thing you will notice when you step into the cosy restaurant is the nice decor and red and black walls that make it look quite simple yet modern.	statement	db
The best thing about this little restaurant is that all items on the menu are GST inclusive already and no service charge as well, because you just need to fill up what you want on a little piece of paper and go to the counter to make payment.	statement	db
It  was exactly what I wanted.	statement	db
I've also had truffle fries at &made, where I couldn't taste the truffle oil at all, so it was nice to pay a reasonable price for some good fries.	statement	db
noticed that they have a happy hour from 5-8, where beer bottles go as low as $6, so i can see it doing just that.	statement	db
It's a fun place where the menu is interesting and they server burgers in paper bags rather than plates.	statement	db
FYI, the free glass of sake when you check-in on yelp is just a small shot cup of sake!	statement	db
Nevermind that the entire packed-out restaurant stopped what they were all doing to stare at us for a solid 20 seconds.	statement	db
Where I think they go wrong is by having a menu trying to be everything, when really they should stick to the one thing they do well, and improve it until it is amazing...	statement	db
Probably, on a discount day, when invited by a friend.	statement	db
I went in about 1330, when lunch was nearly over.	statement	db
The sushi was smaller than what you normally get outside, not that I'm complaining, but it might take some getting used to.	statement	db
But it got really crowded at about 730pm and thats when service went down.	statement	db
Maybe next time when there isn't cheap salmon sashimi to distract us.	statement	db
The name was probably a homage to the concept of serving busy professionals who are always on the go.	statement	db
I know most people come here for the unbeatable Monday prices where a portion of salmon sashimi goes for SGD 3, a small glass of sake for SGD 1 and an Asahi for SGD 5.	statement	db
i have no idea what on earth they call it shake) batayaki bento set.	statement	db
First he scooped up some chicken stock into a pan and when that came to a boil, he scooped up some plain porridge and stirred that in.	statement	db
One of my favorites from this place is the carrot cake - it's made with eggs and scallops - not entirely sure where the carrot part comes from but wow, it's amazing.	statement	db
But I was lucky to be brought here by a friend who knows the chef well and we enjoyed a Christmas dinner here.	statement	db
I dont know how this restaurant functions normally but I wasnt exactly super impressed with it when I went there for lunch with some colleagues during restaurant week.	statement	db
I believe that the menu, although specially designed for Restaurant Week, would definitely have what was offered on an a la carte basis.	statement	db
I found this area when I went out for a run on one random night.	statement	db
Excited to go back when I wasn't sweating and smelly, Jerry decided to join me.	statement	db
Price was, like what the first review said, average for the location (aka expensive).	statement	db
And when my food and others came out, that would sum it up.	statement	db
my mum for dim sum when she was a kid.	statement	db
The har gao was of generous proportion, but a bit of a miss as the skin got dry and hard when left aside for too long.	statement	db
I've never had wait staff be so kind or accommodating to me, especially when I'm one of those pesky café patrons who are there for the wifi.	statement	db
I have never been in a place where I actually know the obscure songs.	statement	db
Was also given menus to look at (the interesting part was when they gave me alcoholic menu to look at).	statement	db
I tend to go for a stronger aftertaste so I consumed it when it was darker in color.	statement	db
The cafe is very suitable for families and the communal table for 10 is perfect for groups when available.	statement	db
Service was not the best but the food is what I expected it to be so that is the plus.	statement	db
The bulgolgi roll was a bit of a disapointment as the beef appeared to be loosely ground up and as a filling, it was nearly impossible to keep in the center of the slices when you pick it up and ends up falling back into the serving container.	statement	db
I have explored some of these beers while in Japan but the craft beer trend was jot as strong when I was there so many of the ones on offer here were new to me.	statement	db
As far as I could tell, they only had outdoor seating so it might not be the best place when it is pouring outside or if you need to cool off from the heat.	statement	db
Oh and the lunch specials where well priced and tasted good as well :)	statement	db
I know what I want to order...	statement	db
I tried the smoked duck breast(really bland), the Mochi cheese age( not bad when paired with duck breast), and the Curry croquettes.	statement	db
My colleague and I were only able to sample a fraction of what was offered, requiring a few returns to try out the rest of the list.	statement	db
No idea, but in any case, JiBiru is a great place to see what Japanese craft breweries are doing these days with some tasty food to boot.	statement	db
After much yelping and froing where to have dinner we somehow ended up choosing this place.	statement	db
Those who have met me know my love towards craft beers and most of the places that serve them.	statement	db
Beers are about $13 a bottle from what I remember, and I think they have specials as well.	statement	db
My husband loved craft beer so why not try Japanese craft beer.	statement	db
It has a really nice packaging, like what you expect to get on a Japanese beer.	statement	db
That's when I can do my favorite activity - people watching!	statement	db
I was weirded out for sure when I saw the description but the waiter assured me that it doesn't taste fishy at all.	statement	db
No that I'm complaining about the texture, but what bothered me was the additional Acar.	statement	db
It was a play safe option since we couldn't decide on what to order after the Char Siew.	statement	db
But what really stood out for both dishes were how soft the Cheong fun itself was!	statement	db
Picking up with chopsticks alone was a challenge and when popped in the mouth, you get this wonderfully light smooth texture that almost melts in your mouth.	statement	db
If you dont get what you want, be sure to ask.	statement	db
I had the boat version since I had no idea what that included and wanted to try something new.	statement	db
I haven't been here in a while, and now I don't know why I used to come here.	statement	db
quick shout out to the pushy uncle who hovered behind me as I tried to finish up my meal, just waiting to clean up.	statement	db
If you're feeling a little adventurous, you can always try their durian cheong fun, which according to friends who have tried it, is totally out of this world!	statement	db
The wafer bits in the cream added a crunchy texture of what would have been a seemingly normal chocolate cake.	statement	db
Level 1, is where one enters through Carlton hotel main lobby.	statement	db
Walk right up to the far end and that's where Tuxedo stood, on your 9 o'clock with Café Mosaic (serves Asian/Western-style buffet) at 12 o'clock (restrooms tuck in between the 2).	statement	db
I see thin airy layers as I tear them apart, flaky crumbs were scattering all around (less crisp than the ones at Tiong Bahru Bakery and not as overwhelmingly buttery), causing some mess when I try playdough-ing the structure.	statement	db
Set Lunch is made available where you get your carb fixed with a delectable sandwich - choose between: Baguette with Roma Tomatoes, Baguette with Tuna, Focaccia with Ham & Cheese or like myself, a Sourdough with Roast Beef.	statement	db
Everyone was having a great time when I walked in.	statement	db
I definitely had my money on the wrong pony when we made our order.	statement	db
I can't tell a lie - the gravy was the winning element in this order, and it tasted great when it arrived.	statement	db
although I can't remember what it was, so we'll leap over that one gracefully and head straight for the summary.	statement	db
I'm not sure why this place was so busy on the Monday night we visited.	statement	db
The woman who took our order was borderline rude, and judging by her attitude, probably the owner of the place (whose presence could be explained by staffing issues on a weekend night).	statement	db
Price point is a little high for lunch, which probably explains why there is hardly anyone at that hour.	statement	db
So that is the only reason why I'm giving it a four star rating bc I needed my champong fix and this was my only choice.	statement	db
It's food that Chinese people created many years ago to cater to Korean's taste buds when they immigrated to Korea.	statement	db
Few popular dishes you MUST try are: noodle dishes: Jjajangmyun, jjamppong; fried shrimp with sweet and sour sauce: kkanpoong saewoo; fried meat with sweet sauce: tang soo yuk  We craved jjajangmyun for quite some time now and had no idea where to look in Singapore, until we found this gem.	statement	db
After the end of the main review, I will include information on Ramen Champion, what it is and how it works.	statement	db
Photo of sign with how the process works:  http://tinyurl.com/ko5tx3n  When you enter, you are given a magnetic card on a wristband.	statement	db
They will provide you with one of those vibrating and flashing disks to communicate when  your order is completed.	statement	db
That somehow adds to the authenticity of the experience, where one can enjoy great-tasting vegetarian cuisine without having to pay a lot or squeeze with crowds for seating.	statement	db
To be charged $23 for a kebab rice dish like this, personally it's a nope for me and I would rather try it elsewhere where you get QUALITY kebab for that amount :)   Ok so we heard some reviews about their iced mint tea and had to try it.	statement	db
I'm not sure what came over me, but something compelled me to order the Moroccan iced tea.	statement	db
The service was terrible, we didn't get what we ordered, most of the items on the menu they didn't have, our plates were dirty, our meals took forever to come, and we got overcharged on our drinks.	statement	db
I've never had a worse experience in a restaurant and generally I'm pretty positive about restaurants even when they're not great.	statement	db
I've to admit I wasn't the happiest customer when I first came here because they had a barista who didn't know his coffee well.	statement	db
I loved the tandoori chicken sandwich as it was mildly spiced but yet tasted so yummy and lovely when it is hot.	statement	db
Located opposite Parliament House and really near the Supreme Courts was this cafe where I dashed in today for my caffeine fix.	statement	db
There's a small alfresco sitting area, where you can have your morning cigarette with yummy latte.	statement	db
My white European husband makes chapati with more flavour then what we got here.	statement	db
We walked past it every day - until our last day, when we made a pact to stop and check out what the hap-hap-happenings here were.	statement	db
Fresh made roti is what we discovered we were missing out on.	statement	db
Though I am not vegetarian, which is what is on the menu here, dishes served here are delectable!	statement	db
Pretty value for money when ordering the set meal (soup and drink, additional $3).	statement	db
After deciding on what each one of us wanted to try, we filled up our orders on a paper-based menu.	statement	db
Verdict, among the three dishes I tried, I enjoyed what I ordered more.	statement	db
Service is slow at times but when you call out to them, they will attend to you, and maybe forget about you for a second time.	statement	db
Service is quick and sincere since it seems to be run by a couple who actually owns the place, and parking is cheap too!	statement	db
Imagine a thick and creamy laksa sauce over al dente linguine and that's what the laksa pasta is like - flavorful.	statement	db
Prices are affordable when compared to other western cuisine outlets in Singapore.	statement	db
I've never been to the original coffee shop location in Tiong Bahru, but when given the opportunity to try the second (air conditioned!)	statement	db
It's a bit hidden (3rd floor of the SMU Admin building), but that's why it's so special.	statement	db
Not all Ya Kun are made the same--when it's the uncle rather than the aunty who is making drink, that's when the teas (not a coffee person, sorry) are the perfect balance of tannin and creaminess and sugar.	statement	db
Make sure to ask the staff when ordering.	statement	db
They all are part of what old Singapore is about.	statement	db
The first time, I went with a regular who was introducing me to the restaurant.	statement	db
Last night we dined with a couple of friends of my cousin who are in town for business.	statement	db
I have never been able to identify the banana blossom in the dish but the sauce is so good I don't really care what is in it.	statement	db
The beef rendang was tough and barely warm when it hit the table, the chap chye watery.	statement	db
They have quite an extensive menu and makes deciding somewhat difficult when faced with dozens of choices.	statement	db
There's a jollibee that has a better red bean slushy drink if that's what you're into in the basement food court of the next mall over.	statement	db
I wasn't too upset about it as the wall outside was creatively done up, and despite watching one of the table fold up and come crashing down, when another patron placed her handbag on it, I was still cool with sitting outside.	statement	db
The typical customer service I get when being seated outside is that, staff won't be able to notice us, when we need help, as they are mostly inside, clearing tables and serving other customers.	statement	db
Waffle, drizzled with strawberry sauce, and what tasted like Mat Kool ice cream, topped with more gem biscuits, fairy floss and kueh piring that was slightly (""Lau Hong"") .	statement	db
Crispy Salmon Skin $17 Okay, they weren't kidding when they called this dish Crispy Salmon Skin.	statement	db
My friend recommended me to try out this place so why not.	statement	db
As Mel and her friends know what to get and we were rushing to head to our next destinations, they ordered the food.	statement	db
It doesn't feel like your in a laboratory but they use utensils like syringes to add on to your drinks (depends on what you order).	statement	db
The cafe decor its pretty artistic, what i notice is that they use alot of wood, tables, chair, and if your order burger they serve in a small wood pan.	statement	db
The menu pretty easy to navigate around and detailed so you know what your eating.	statement	db
Of course you can get to the counter to see what cakes they have to offer for the day, but still... oh well!	statement	db
I didn't really know what to order so I just ordered the Biryani set.	statement	db
Was expecting an out-of-this-world experience especially with the traditional shrimp dumplings,  xiao long baos, egg tarts (which are a must have at every dim sum for me) and chee cheong fun, but what surprised me most was their egg fried rice and fish porridge which blew me away.	statement	db
The Seafood Baked Rice, , ($68 for 4-6 persons, $88 for 7-12 persons) was spectacular when presented.	statement	db
We were there with our goggle map showing us that we were at the right spot, but looking around, we saw signboards of others except for this one and when we went closer for a look, we saw the signboard in small blackboard on a chair.	statement	db
My friend's meal came quite fast while mine seemed to take forever to come (15 minutes later in fact) and my jaws almost dropped when I saw the portion of it.	statement	db
The sweet aroma itself, made me wonder about what ingredients were used to make this tea!	statement	db
Saw neighboring tables order the famous berries hotcake and would love to try it one day when we aren't overly stuffed :P	statement	db
First impression : if you don't know what hipster means, you get your answers in this cafe.	statement	db
(Context as to why I used chai tea latte as a hipster barometer.	statement	db
Due to the layout, it seems like there was a constant echo where we were seated.	statement	db
The decor is bright and I could see why people would want to hang out here.	statement	db
I arrived for dinner last and was seated at our table for three at a seat with the back facing the ""walkway"" where servers constantly were passing through.	statement	db
My ""wagyu"" burger was tasty with a heavy dose of truffle derivatives/seasoning on it, but the meat/fat wasn't mind blowing so it made me wonder why bother using a low grade of wagyu just for marketing purposes.	statement	db
What annoyed me a little more was the doneness - I asked for my patty to be cooked medium because unlike steaks, ground meat can be quite mushy and grotesque when it is below 140F in the middle, which was the case with my burger.	statement	db
The baked eggs dish could be done better with the eggs cooked a little more - so maybe you can tell them this when you order.	statement	db
Not sure what spices go into making it, but it was mighty tasty and very fulfilling.	statement	db
Settled on what I believe is a Myanmar stall in the back left corner; the name ends with ""99""  I ended up getting the Kyae Oae dry (also offered soupy) and boy was that a great choice!	statement	db
Not sure what they used in it, but I was a big fan =D My friend has the fried vermicelli and was also very satisfied with his dish.	statement	db
Yet, Jack's Place still holds a special place in my heart due to childhood reasons when the restaurant was popping up everywhere!	statement	db
Lunch specials always steal my heart, so that's what we went for again!	statement	db
Soup of the day was a creamy tomato soup... can't be sure what it is.	statement	db
You won't find a crowd here and that is a good thing, but what they do serve up here is traditional of Jack's Place and a little taste of the British style western food.	statement	db
We sat in their outside terrace, where the area is on the sidewalk - lets you be close enough to everyone moving about, without them being all up in your food.	statement	db
You ever in Singapore, and looking for a place where we could have a good time with great food & drinks, this is a good ticket.	statement	db
The first floor is where some of the best Jazz talent from around the world strut their stuff.	statement	db
To echo Miguel's review, the place IS slightly run down, but when it's dark and you're just there to take shots and dance, I'm hoping ambiance is the last thing on your mind.	statement	db
-- *Admit it, you like reggaeton when you're drunk!	statement	db
I didn't understand why they started repeating songs so soon.	statement	db
However, DJ Titus was not a disappointment and I would love to go to an event when he's DJ-ing the whole night.	statement	db
If the second floor is too busy for ordering drinks, walk on up to the third floor where it's a bit emptier (or at least that was the condition on Friday 11pm-ish).	statement	db
I first came here when it was a small little Cafe - but now it's this huge place, with the upstairs bar, then, there's the third floor and the downstairs restaurant.	statement	db
I heard a lot of good things about Haji Lane's night life so when a friend from the states was in town, we decided to check it out on a late Saturday night.	statement	db
I think I was expecting something like Lan Kwai Fong (LKF) in Hong Kong where people are just dancing in the streets with music blasting from every storefront.	statement	db
We heard Blu Jaz was a cool venue and were seated pretty promptly on what seemed to be a busy night.	statement	db
It's piping hot when it comes out and you will definitely be wanting more after you finish it.	statement	db
Every city has a place like Blu Jaz: really cool at first when they started.	statement	db
Now that hundreds of people feel the same way, you can rarely get a table or hear anybody when they're talking.	statement	db
These days I just go to the better bar/restaurant *behind*, that they also own... even when Piedra Negra gets crowded, at least you can stand/sit in the streets.	statement	db
Not really the best seats in the house, but this is where you usually end up if you arrive later in the evening and all the other seating options have been taken up.	statement	db
The restaurant has 2 areas where you can chill, the outdoor and the indoor.	statement	db
Blu Jazz tends to be filled with tourists and foreigners who just moved to Singapore, with the latter often searching for an 'authentic' Singapore experience.	statement	db
Perhaps because of the crowd, Blu Jazz can sometimes feel fake and off-putting, but hey, when the crowd is right, Blu Jazz can be pretty awesome.	statement	db
Ladies and gents, today is the day I learned about the existence of this amazing gyoza... while deciding what to order from deliveroo.	statement	db
Maybe bc it was delivered, i find that the thinness of the gyoza skin, which is what made the pan fried version so amazing, does not transfer over to the boiled version.	statement	db
It was a good ramen egg, but it's what you should expect in other japanese places as well.	statement	db
Go straight to the superstar when you order - Pork Gyoza either panfried or boil, depending what you fancy.	statement	db
Halfway through the noodles, you could add the soft boiled egg (the server would bring it over when you tell them you wish to have the egg), more miso paste and a bit of the noodle water to have a soupy eggy noodle.	statement	db
I did not order other things, because from what I heard, only the gyoza is worth ordering.	statement	db
And I'm happy they've stuck to a limited menu offering so what they do, they do well.	statement	db
I'm sure some of you have been in the situation where the food was so good that any form of communication between you and your significant cease to exist.	statement	db
Plus, I am easily influenced when dishes comes with runny egg.	statement	db
It's kinda sad when I am away from home most of the time with very brief period each time when I return from abroad.	statement	db
But I know I can't find excuse not to visit this time in Jan when I schedule my unplanned return to SG.	statement	db
I have been eating dumplings in Australia and they were mostly made by the mainland Chinese who flock the country of late.	statement	db
The wait staff was polite and obliging to give me a table near the corner of the restaurant when I turned down his offer on the small table next to the entrance, neither a bar counter seat is welcoming, I told myself.	statement	db
I was given a small slip of order list that spells what the restaurant offers.	statement	db
I was such a glutton that I ticked so many dishes that they seems to battle for table space when they arrived.	statement	db
I like my dumplings boiled every time I had gyoza, even when I had them abroad.	statement	db
Gyoza is what this place specialises in.	statement	db
We waited for one hour but when we asked the waitress, she didn't say sorry at all, just say it's table by table.	statement	db
The first thing that I noticed when I got here was that the ambience is good.	statement	db
Food was good and some items offer customers the chance to mix and match (be creative) on what they want in their meals.	statement	db
I think expectation of what you're ordering definitely affects your satisfaction and they can make things clearer but the food is good.	statement	db
Only a couple of tables were occupied when we got there around 2+pm on a Saturday.	statement	db
Maybe the average food and higher prices explained the lack of customers when we were there.	statement	db
I'm quite boring when it comes to picking items for brunch.	statement	db
My favorite spot is in the alfresco area, where a nice breeze blows through and rustles the plants around.	statement	db
service is a little inattentive - friendly when it arrives, but they spend plenty time rather absently smiling at everyone without really noticing when our hands were raised.	statement	db
The wagyu beef was amazing as it was juicy and tender, however i thought that it was a little over priced when i got the whole set it came up to about $40.	statement	db
Especially when they did not know how to answer certain questions they went to ask their manager for the answers rather than saying no so that was a good point.	statement	db
The butter did not even melt when i smeared it on!	statement	db
Do order this when you have a big group of people.	statement	db
Looking at the menu and the food blog by Daniel give me an idea of what I should order.	statement	db
Since it is my first time trying, I wasn't sure what to expect but by comparing with other Korean foods that I have tasted, it was one of the best.	statement	db
There is also a complimentary salad bar where one can get portions of kimchi and other stuffs.	statement	db
With so many tea-time, cake options it was hard to settle with what cake and what drink to have!	statement	db
Chocolate of a Thousand Leaves $6.50 When this cake arrived, it looked dry and it indeed was dry, but the chocolate wasn't too bad, it was sweet and little gerlat, but with 4 people, we each managed to slowly share the cake.	statement	db
Hazelnut Latte I  was quite stunned when I saw how big this cup was.	statement	db
Anyway I stopped in here for a coffee, namely because I wanted to see what the coffee was like, and also because I have a habit of drinking more coffee than tea when I am away.	statement	db
They started garnering attention with their Sushi trains but take away the gimmick and what you're left with is a....	statement	db
Thankfully, genki's are pretty good and definitely helps when we're craving for it.	statement	db
There's an iPad where you order and everything comes out very quickly!	statement	db
I like this method better, since the food is fresh and fried items are hot as opposed to it being cold when it's circling around the belt.	statement	db
I used to frequent Genki Sushi many years ago when it had an outlet at Forum Shopping Mall.	statement	db
The best of the lot of what I ordered was the spicy salmon sushi.	statement	db
Once you are seated, you are handed an IPAD where you place your order.	statement	db
The food is fine for what it is, and we weren't expecting the best quality as this is more of a budget sushi spot.	statement	db
Draws a touristy crowd who is willing to pay $7-$12 per meal.	statement	db
The Toastbox is like any other Toastbox and it has a good selection of egg tarts, probably targeting the office workers in the neighbourhood who pop by for tea.	statement	db
I'm always baffled by why everyone queues at the Toastbox for coffee.	statement	db
I don't know why I'm reviewing a Food Republic food court except to say- don't bother when there's a ton of great food within a one block radius!	statement	db
I'm really easily satisfied when it comes to food.	statement	db
Also, the owners wanted a place where they could enjoy quality sushi at a reasonable price, which explains the relative good value of its prices.	statement	db
One of the drinks that I would strongly suggest though, is the Iced Mojito Latte (I think that's what it's called...) - a perfect blend of coffee and mint for sunny (and hot) Singapore's climate!	statement	db
They have a little sign that tells you what beans they're using and although I'm often skeptical of Sumatran beans, this one left me with no regrets.	statement	db
Also probably why it took me so long to find the damn place.	statement	db
Hotate was unavailable when we visited.	statement	db
My colleagues who had the sushi plates said it was decent with fresh fish.	statement	db
Their cafe is very rustic inspired, which gives a different atmosphere compared to when you're in the mall.	statement	db
So that's what we did ~  Our drinks came first.	statement	db
Unfortunately we were not given a booth seating and after noticing one of the booths open (next to where we sat) we decided to hop over and had to wait for the staff to clear away the used plates and glasses.	statement	db
They can cater to the youngsters who have a sweet tooth.	statement	db
However the prices are quite steep, but it is awesome to have a friend who is an MOF member which entitles you to 10% off.	statement	db
Salmon Ikura Pasta $16.80++ Upon ordering a pasta, the staff will ask you what sauce would you like, there's tomato, cream, garlic etc.	statement	db
I'm pretty critical when it comes to judge any kind of pasta dish because come on!	statement	db
I can understand why their customers are willing to stand in line to savor this excellent roasted meat.	statement	db
Taste:  It was okay, nothing too spicy like I am use to having in the U.S where the Indian mild is just off the charts.	statement	db
I'm by no means an expert on Indian food, but I'm sure what I had was much closer to proper Indian food than what I've had in other countries.	statement	db
Rude was the reply when I questioned her action.	statement	db
As for the food/experience, there are so many more authentic Indian restaurants in the area that will charge you more reasonable prices (I have never even paid HALF of what I paid at Lagnaa Barefoot Dining).	statement	db
I also can't name all of what we were eating as they were just rather spicy, spice-y things that tasted decent (but how could it not, with that many aromatics) but a spicy chickpea curry had tender legumes and the raita was cool and delicious.	statement	db
I also ordered a chocolate ice cream, which they forgot to serve us, then when I mentioned this and asked for it in a take away container as we were leaving, they instead refunded me the $4.	statement	db
We were greeted by a lovely woman who felt more like your Mom than a hostess.	statement	db
It was filled with young expats, mostly from the UK from what I could tell from their accents.	statement	db
I spent the same amount at two proper Indian restaurants in the same area where I had great tasting dishes of fish, chicken, and seafood (at those other restaurants, not here).	statement	db
Most of the diners were westerners, which is the only reason this rip-off place has repeat customers, because the only way such a place can maintain a following is by hoodwinking people who are new in town and who fall prey for mindless gimmicks like ""dining-barefoot"" easily.	statement	db
You can also tell from the reviewers in this website that most of the diners (and people who view the place favorably) are westerners who had just moved in to town and obviously are primed for being ""chopped"".	statement	db
There are always more unsuspecting or willing diners who need to eat out, no matter how lousy you are.	statement	db
That's why the food standard here is relatively low.	statement	db
But, for me, what made the dining experience truly five star was the warmth of the staff.	statement	db
good quality of food, nice service, great experience  We've been to Lagnaa with a group of 8 people and had foot on the 2nd floor, where it was for mostly all of us the first time dining barefoot while sitting on the floor.	statement	db
They are all about chilies and spices where you can choose the level of spice that you would like to consume over there.	statement	db
The first floor has tables and chairs for those who aren't used to sitting on the floor, but as we had no problems with it, we took off our shoes and went upstairs for the barefoot dining experience.	statement	db
I came here a couple of years back - when they first opened.	statement	db
And when I asked them, they said the fondue is pretty much the reason.	statement	db
Always wanting to get my name on the hall of fame, i've made friends with the awesome crew here who chats with me when time permits.	statement	db
I love the part of the bouncy castle being INSIDE the aircon cafe where parents are chill over makan while the children have fun wasting their energy.	statement	db
There are books placed 2 metres off the ground where no one can read them.	statement	db
BUT FOR THE LOVE OF LITERACY, LOWERCASE CAFE, PLEASE PUT YOUR BOOKS ON SHELVES WHERE PEOPLE CAN PICK THEM UP AND READ THEM.	statement	db
One other thing - when our food was served, my friend asked the wait staff what the sauce was (as it was not indicated on the menu).	statement	db
We can't read Chinese characters so we asked what was it.	statement	db
Good food at a very reasonable price what more can you ask for.It can get quite congested and finding a seat can be a challenge but if you can get past that then the end result will be sumptuous.There is a lot of variety there from Singaporean Chicken Rice to Chinese to Desert and the reasonable does not sacrifice quality so definitely try it out if you can.	statement	db
The only reason why I would go back is to check out their seasonal menu.	statement	db
(I didn't even want to take a picture of what I ate tonight).	statement	db
Sure there is the usual typical sushi fare if that is what you are looking for.	statement	db
I loved it here and would absolutely go back, especially since they have lots of promos and reasonably priced food and drinks compared to most of what you'll find in Singapore.	statement	db
That was what I was going through before Box n Sticks saved my night.	statement	db
Although I've never been to Korea but this place offers something as close as to what I've had in Ktown, LA and I must say it tastes like it's 100% authentic.	statement	db
Overall good value and good food, definitely going back when the craving hits	statement	db
I am very fussy with my eggs, and the chef did them PERFECT which rarely happens when asked in Australia.	statement	db
Other than that, you pay for what you get!	statement	db
They were quick to attend to us and ask us what else we would like to order, how is our food,  are we enjoying ourselves etc.	statement	db
They also had a deal where if you checked in on FaceBook, you got a free order of cinnamon churros!	statement	db
It definitely has the novelty factor in Singapore where affordable mexican food is rather rare to find.	statement	db
Although, I wished that we didn't have to  You also get an unlimited top up when it comes to taco chips with a variety of salsa sauces, unlimited top up is always a good deal.	statement	db
Most Mexican places here are more of a sitdown, bougie (read: Bourgeoisie) style where you'll pay 20 bucks for a taco.	statement	db
It's a shame that there's not more places where you can get a grab-n-go burrito (for a city that prides itself on eating, this is even more surprising).	statement	db
So one day when my girl friend asked where we should go for dinner I decided to be adventurous and suggested Baja Fresh which I've heard and seen before!	statement	db
I was actually quite surprised when I went in because it is a fast food concept restaurant instead of a proper one.	statement	db
We were so confused when we first tried to order too!	statement	db
Go try it out now and see what I mean!	statement	db
Its a bit pricey, but you are definitely getting what you pay for.	statement	db
Portions are huge and you can help yourself to the salsa bar where there are different types of salsa.	statement	db
Unfortunately, it's fast food that tries to be fresh but isn't really--don't get me wrong, it's not that the lettuce is wilting, but when you know that the char marks aren't real and the guacamole tastes like avocado juice from the Indonesian stall there isn't much that brings me back.	statement	db
You can imagine my excitement when I read that there was a Baja Fresh in Singapore.	statement	db
That's typically what I order in California.	statement	db
All in all, this is a step up from when all we had in Singapore was Taco Bell and fancy Mexican.	statement	db
It is conceptualised as a coffee-shop, where customers won't pay neither the dreaded service charge nor tax.	statement	db
Instead, customers are encouraged to get a ""proper"" drink at the bar, since drink sales are what pays for the service crew.	statement	db
Nothing can go wrong when you have three kitchens with very different kinds of food, and this is a good example.	statement	db
The good food is complemented by a beer selection of craft beers that is perhaps not amazing but also well-above what many places have.	statement	db
Bar bar black sheep's first outlet was at Cherry Ave, near Sixth Avenue, where it was extremely popular with the alcholics in the vicinity.	statement	db
I love love love what they do.	statement	db
Do take note of your table when placing order.	statement	db
I don't know what else to say.	statement	db
I got lucky and walked by Mandarin Gallery and something was pulling me to walk inside and up to the second story where I first checked out the Wild Honey restaurant, didn't see anything interesting then settled at Sacha & Sons, and boy am I glad I did.	statement	db
4) Fresh Orange Juice - unlike many restaurants and even hotels that advertise fresh orange juice, this is actual fresh orange juice (not sure why this is a foreign concept given how big Singaporeans are on fresh juice) 5) Coffee - good coffee but not the biggest fan of their iced coffee for some reason  Highly recommend coming here for good bagel or pastrami sandwich.	statement	db
I got very excited when I read about the new venture from the same people who brought us Wild Honey that they're bringing the famous ""jewish"" pastrami and liver sandwich, matzo ball soup as well latkes of smoked salmon to our shore.	statement	db
Walking into the restaurant yesterday immediately brought me back to those wintry nights in new york, where I'll hop in to Katz's Deli late at night with my friend and have a hearty meal of hot soup with the ever satisfying sandwich.	statement	db
Jewish delis are one of the things I miss most about New York, so I was really excited when I heard about Sacha & Sons.	statement	db
I tried the matzo ball soup as well, and that was ok, but not what I was hoping for - the huge single matzo ball that takes up almost the entire bowl, like you'd get at Carnegie Deli.	statement	db
Chopped liver to me, is a little overwhelming especially when the portion isn't lady bite-size.	statement	db
Service here was touch and go, and this is coming from someone who isn't normally picky with service, just food.	statement	db
a little shoddy yeah and inconsiderate, esp when there were other clear spots on our rather large table that she could have laid it down on.	statement	db
And oh btw... we weren't the only ones who got ushered to a table that was already occupied.	statement	db
I'm a New Yorker at heart and I can have up to 2 bagels a day when I'm back in the city.	statement	db
The slices were sufficiently juicy when carved and salty enough to satisfy a savory craving.	statement	db
However, I think the texture has been tweaked a little to cater to Singaporeans who can't take hard food (roll eyes).	statement	db
Will be back again when I crave a reuben!	statement	db
Bagel and dips decent like what you could expect in a NY deli.	statement	db
Forget what I said before!	statement	db
Please someone tell me who makes the best in sg.	statement	db
After the end of the main review, I will include information on Ramen Champion, what it is and how it works.	statement	db
Photo of sign with how the process works:  http://tinyurl.com/ko5tx3n  When you enter, you are given a magnetic card on a wristband.	statement	db
They will provide you with one of those vibrating and flashing disks to communicate when  your order is completed.	statement	db
Those of you who have dined at Japanese cafes or bakeries before know that they are rather cute looking cakes with light and fluffy buttercream and sponge layers, along with a variety of Italian and fresh pastries, such as croissants and baguettes.	statement	db
English Breakfast Tea $7 I am a fan of english breafast tea especially when it comes to cakes and pastries.	statement	db
Not a bad meal option, even for someone such as myself who would think a sandwich wouldn't be sufficient to fill my tummy.	statement	db
Talk about what is a real swiss roll.	statement	db
The place wasn't crowded on a Friday night at about 7:30pm but I was told it could be especially when there's a birthday party or during the first (初一) and fifteen (十五) day of the lunar calendar.	statement	db
The kadaif pastry (noodly phyllo dough) was left too long over the fire and was pretty charred when it came to the table (see photo).	statement	db
(Alaturka sectioned their restaurant into 2 areas where those who would like to order alcohol can sit in the other section, away from the main restaurant where they strictly do not serve alcohol.)	statement	db
Delicious Turkish food with some licalized twist, boss is from Izmir, cook Turkish, friendly staff who has  no  understanding of Turkish culture (naturally)....	statement	db
The kebab platter or rack of lamb, beyti kebab, shish tawouk or adana kebab are my go to options when it comes to ordering food.	statement	db
They also held on to my hat for 2 months & returned it to me when I visited them next.	statement	db
Asianised with funny bbq/tomato sweet sauces, broccoli and cauliflower side dishes and very expense for what it offers (and what it does not)  There is always a first time and off went mine.	statement	db
Bring your friends along, this is where you want to share your food!	statement	db
I particularly love having a nice hot teapot of Turkish Apple tea when I have my meal, no matter how hot it is.	statement	db
The coffee is served the thick Turkish style if that's what you like.	statement	db
It was more moist and delicious when ground.	statement	db
In general, I am a fan of places where you are eating and cooking.	statement	db
I have visited the Chicago location of Gyu Kaku on MANY occasions (10+) when working there - so I had high expectations of this place before coming in to the Singapore location.	statement	db
I guess the only downside is that it is quite expensive, but honestly you are paying for what you get!	statement	db
I was leaving Chijmes with a friend after a business meeting when we walked by this restaurant.	statement	db
Oh, when it's made from soy.	statement	db
So let's just say my senses in assessing good barbecue was on overdrive (note: I visited Killen's Barbecue in Pearland, TX - J.J. Watt's favorite BBQ restaurant) -- If you have no idea what or who I'm talking about just skip to my review below.	statement	db
Just choose what meats you want to order, which are nicely presented at the glass counter, decide on how many grams of each meat you want to eat and pay at the counter.	statement	db
After hearing a lot about Red Eye, I finally ventured over to see what the hype was about.	statement	db
Located in the Jalan Besar area where a new cafe seems to be popping up every few weeks in between the industrial buildings and warehouses.	statement	db
Okay, so the Plaza Brasserie is attached to the Parkroyal Hotel, and when you enter the hotel, swing to the left and this restaurant is located towards the back (dont make the same mistake I initially did and walk into the bar/ dance club located first!!).	statement	db
No idea what they were, but boy did those taste nice with the irish stout cheese!	statement	db
I kid you not... there was a grown man who went around annoying all the cats and made the staff take pictures of him posing.	statement	db
You do get what you pay for as the ingredients were fresh and the soup was premium.	statement	db
The average is probably $50 - $80 per person, depending on what you have.	statement	db
A few friends were invited to dine at this restaurant with a friend who self proclaimed as the steamboat connoisseur.	statement	db
Depends on what you order, of course, but I think $50/person is the least you could get away with.	statement	db
You do get what you pay for.	statement	db
I don't remember what it costs, but I do remember quite a number of other people complaining about this at various times.	statement	db
I think it starts at $8 or $10  They also have quite a good variety of other traditional Chinese herbal soups but I guess if you're at the Jalan Berseh food centre, do what the locals do and sample some of this dying dish if you already haven't!	statement	db
Minimalistic decor so not sure what they renovated.	statement	db
Good for days when you want to treat yourself or host guests!	statement	db
i have been following sushi chef anson wherever he went since 2006. his resume includes being a disciple of nogawa san and i first met him at the now defunct chiharu where he earned my loyal following.	statement	db
live eel slaughtered when ordered and grilled by their unagi master, only one in singapore.	statement	db
But when I came back on a Sunday afternoon around 3 pm, the place was just packed!	statement	db
Definitely have a walk around first to see what stalls interest you before looking for a table.	statement	db
Note: There is a few sinks near the entrance (mid section of the hawker) where you can wash your hands.	statement	db
Always crisp and tasty, it is one of the first stalls I head to when I'm in the area.	statement	db
Along with the usual clothing, shoes, bags and what not, there are some trinkets and giveaways that you can purchase as well.	statement	db
Especially when the sales people work hand in hand with you in order to get the perfect item at its best price.	statement	db
So a colleague who frequents Fortune Centre finally gave me a quick orientation and we ended up at New Green Pasture.	statement	db
As soon as I told the cab driver where my hotel was at, he initially said ""EAT AT THE FOOD COURT!	statement	db
The service was excellent, what great team of staff.	statement	db
The restaurant had very attentive and polite staff who kept making sure our water is always filled and changed plates where necessary.	statement	db
Even though there was no choice (a la traditional self service kind) in what food pieces (or 料) I could choose, the food given is quite interesting and unique.	statement	db
I'm just wondering why the queue isn't longer than it ought to be, maybe everyone else at Albert Park is missing out (:  Nevertheless, if there's any issue, is that it isn't entirely filling.	statement	db
Update: I've eaten twice already, and am looking to eat more when I am in the area.	statement	db
Menu is quite limited but from what we tried, they managed to do everything well.	statement	db
I did not know this when looking for the place so it took me a while to find it.	statement	db
I suppose ratings are relative to what you go in expecting, and to be honest, when I went to The Basement Cafe I wasn't expecting much.	statement	db
Don't be defeated when you see a long queue.	statement	db
I was salivating when I saw my friend's plate of kuay chap from Double Spring Teochew Lor Duck Kway Chap.	statement	db
It's also the only hawker center I never fail to see someone (usually a couple of people) I know when I visit.	statement	db
I wish they can have same food center at where I live.	statement	db
But those who can't take spicy food should stay away from this dish especially the Sze chuan peppercorns which can anesthetize your tongue instantly.	statement	db
My eyes lit up when I saw this Minced Pork Lettuce Wrap $6.80 because I can't resist any food that are wrapped (popiah, Peking duck crepe etc).	statement	db
Cooked to perfection, each bite give you a piece of soft, tender squid bursting with flavour, and that's what we loved about it.	statement	db
Mixed with fish paste, prawn and what I thought was bamboo shoots, the otah here is delightful.	statement	db
But that's little consolidation when half of what's being brought isn't the food you ordered.	statement	db
""Look where I'm pointing - 13.	statement	db
Ok"" (writes down 30)  Unfortunately, while funny when reading, experiencing this makes a guest rather uncomfortable.	statement	db
We probably won't come back due to this, but we can assure anyone else that the food looks great and tastes great, IF you can manage to get what had wanted.	statement	db
The only downside is the air conditioning was not running in the building when I was there.	statement	db
If you like something trendy and can have non-stop Korean music blasting at your ear when you dine, you at the right place.	statement	db
I have to give kudos to the ladies who served our table because she was definitely accommodating to our requests - like having our army stew 'super, duper, extra spicy'.	statement	db
They were extremely attentive and I never had to ask for a refill of my iced barley tea, which is definitely a plus point for me because their cups are rather tiny, and I would hate being a bother who keeps asking for a refill.	statement	db
We got a Signature Combo where for 2 pax, you get one appetizer, one signature dish and one dessert from a selection on their menu.	statement	db
However, Kaiho managed to make me understand what the deal is with Uni and that it is a super delicious ingredient!	statement	db
Little did I know she frequented this restaurant when I was a way on business trip or in School.	statement	db
The quality is over the top and hence why the restaurant charges as a premium: SGD58 for Chirashi.	statement	db
I'm hesitant to post pictures what he gave us during our last visit, but it was definitely different than the first time we went.	statement	db
We waited for 10 mins till they clean the table (Yeah, the table was dirty when we sat down) and order the food.	statement	db
Usually when you sear fish, the oil from the seafood will be released and it will tend to give a smoothness and oiliness to the sushi.	statement	db
I really don't see why he needs to add more sauce to the sushi.	statement	db
One of the main reason why sushi chefs undergo training for many years.	statement	db
This is where i fell in love with the Aburi style.	statement	db
I never knew what perfect Aburi is until Chef Tang and his perfect torching technique came along.	statement	db
I get obnoxious cravings when a week passes without having a plate.	statement	db
I forget that Tian Tian Chicken Rice even exists when I'm at Maxwell Centre because I want another freaking plate of bee hoon, ngor hiang, and deep fried fritters (esp the freaking deep fried egg...that I had initially thought was yam until I asked the owner what it was).	statement	db
As for friendliness and service, the owner is one cool dude who works with his wife and son who always asks about my fiance whenever I stop by.	statement	db
I am not sure if they gave me more mee kia when I added fish balls to the order.	statement	db
Throw out the impression of soggy, lumpy mee sua that you eat when you're ill.	statement	db
Another great stop for late night supper - BK eating house is famed for this store that sells what they term as 'specialty mee sua' which essentially means they do it pretty damn good.	statement	db
I hate it when my noodles start clumping together because of a measly amount of sauce but I never have to worry about that here, Yan Kee always douses its noodles in a generous helping of sauce.	statement	db
Only reason why it gets 4 stars is because standards have started to get a little inconsistent and that is a real pity.	statement	db
I absolutely hate it when hawkers serve 3-day-old coleslaw, thinking they can get away with it by refrigerating it.	statement	db
), I know of some who will purposely make the trip down just to savour the chops.	statement	db
(The owners who made TV appearance were not there) Furthermore, I have only tried 2 out of the 30 dishes here.	statement	db
I have heard good things about the Korean bbq buffet and that is probably what it specializes in.	statement	db
However, I am not a fan of their misleading chef who unfortunately mis-informed me that the salmon sashimi was 'sold out' at 7.30pm.	statement	db
Coming from someone who rarely eat seafood, this counts for something!	statement	db
my two most-visited buffets in singapore is this one, and melt at the mandarin oriental - which is posher, more expensive, and more extensive; so it boils down to what you require.	statement	db
You should probably drop in for a cold brew when you're nearby.	statement	db
It's not a nice thing, especially when you're expecting desserts and paying $13.	statement	db
The second one was more liquidy, but when I cut into it, the filling could barely flow off the bread and onto the plate.	statement	db
I was told about the ""nitro coffee"" and was excited to try this creation, however when I received my coffee from the unfriendly lady (""got a dollar"" - no please, no thank you) it was bitter, the glass it was served in was not filled to the top (use smaller glasses if you need to).	statement	db
The location is easy to get to, next to Bras Basah MRT and it is fairly spacious so good for larger groups, when checking the menu I was impressed by the range of different beans they offered.	statement	db
Not sure about the staffs knowledge though as I was asking a bit about the roast dates and they were not sure (always a bit hesitant when too much is on offer in a location that does not seem super busy as it may then be old) but appears there is mainly one person in charge of the coffee so perhaps she knows.	statement	db
The food was a bit strange, salted egg yolk custard french toast but where I was expecting something exciting it was more bland and nothing to get excited about.	statement	db
The downside is that you have to add the milk yourself, which may not be a good thing for those who prefer their brews white as one may not be sure of the optal amount of milk to be added to the coffee.	statement	db
Good for people who like their coffee thick and strong but special at the same time.	statement	db
Cons:  1) The salted eggs toast was not what I was expecting.	statement	db
Another disappointing this about the toast, I saw some pictures online that made it look like the salted eggs would ooze out when you cut into it.	statement	db
But few are truly original, and you wonder if it's still hipster when it's the default.	statement	db
Icewater comes in plastic beakers, why not.	statement	db
They actually pride themselves on the number of choices they have when it comes to coffee- drip, brewed, nitro-filled.	statement	db
Based on what I see other happy customers having, the pastries, sandwiches and drinks here must be pretty good, too.	statement	db
Later, when I got up to ask for a cup of hot water and a napkin, a staff promptly came over to help, and brought them to my table!	statement	db
Yes, when in Singapore, I'll be back for more cappuccinos again, and perhaps even their food items.	statement	db
It's a very casual setting for days where you just want somewhere to relax and ignore the world.	statement	db
I had requested no chilli powder on the calamari and fries, yet the serving was covered with the spicy chilli powder when I opened the box.	statement	db
It used to be one of my favourite stalls growing up and I remember getting from Chippy's, be it a fried mars bar or fish and chips, at least a few times a week when I pass through plaza singapura on the way home from school.	statement	db
I had the BBQ pork buns again from THW and they were definitely better than my last time I was here :) would recommend especially to eat when they're fresh out and hot.	statement	db
Its like $5+ SGD for 3 of them, which is a little pricey, even when translating to $USD but if you're here on vacation, might as well splurge a little lol.	statement	db
Similar to what they have in Hong Kong...	statement	db
But just not up to what I have expected....   A tad disappointed.	statement	db
That was the only reason why we decided to eat here because there was a table readily available.	statement	db
We had the Laksa Wonton which was good when eaten with the laksa base  2.	statement	db
There was also a 10 minute wait when I happened to go for lunch with a few friends.	statement	db
The only con is that you will wait when it's peak time but I think worth it.	statement	db
Thanks to a friend who had some free time and was willing to wait in line for the better part of the hour, we were brought to our table shortly after our arrival.	statement	db
it was lackluster when I had it at home, several hours later.	statement	db
soft tender rice soaked with the rich flavor and taste of the chicken, sausage, mushroom and what not.	statement	db
There was no queue today when I arrived at 3pm.	statement	db
Call me kapoh but when I saw a long line for Tim Ho Wan on a Tuesday night at 8pm, I knew there was something to be explored here.	statement	db
Now, what I experienced next was mind blowing.	statement	db
Here's what we got and how they fared.	statement	db
with these dumplings, you can actually taste the texture of the spinach - and in my opinion, is what gives this veggie dumpling an extra oomph and clear edge over the rest of the veggie dumplings I've had.	statement	db
they pour the soya sauce on the cheong fun right when it gets to your table (as they should) so it doesn't get over soaked.	statement	db
because that's what it tastes like.	statement	db
I just wished I knew what it was from the name because it sure doesn't taste like egg!	statement	db
Chicken Feet: I can't say I'm a big fan of chicken feet but it was my mom who ordered it and she definitely enjoyed it, so.	statement	db
They're incredibly good at what they have and I'm totally okay with that.	statement	db
The restaurant even gave me superior treatment when I was pregnant/we had our baby and immediately gave us seats or moved us to a wider table.	statement	db
I finally sampled the Singapore version when we managed to score seats at the newly opened Bedok Mall during dinner time.	statement	db
Let me know what you think!	statement	db
I think what makes them distinctive is that they have this nice butter-sugar topping, kind of like the topping on roti and pineapple buns (if you're familiar with Asian bakery lingo).	statement	db
- - -   PS: I actually ended up going back The next week with my co-worker, who had never tried The killer baked BBQ pork buns before.	statement	db
Seriously, I wonder why people get into such long queues for something so average.	statement	db
I really dont understand why this place only has 3.5 stars.	statement	db
We were there when they opened but we still had to wait more than an hour.	statement	db
One of the better Dim Sum places around Singapore, although it's not the best however it's pretty good and what makes it stand out is some of the more unique dishes that they offer.	statement	db
Yes, it's actually my husband who is a huge fan so I go with him, but the thing is dim sum here is great!	statement	db
There's no shortage of good dim sum else where in Singapore.	statement	db
Overall, it was just an ok food experience (which is not what I'm looking for given the inflated prices).	statement	db
Not sure what the rave is about.	statement	db
A Michelin star is over-rated & is over priced as well for what we are getting.. Not worth the 20 min wait.	statement	db
I had too much of an appetite for only that today, so  I ordered off the ala carte menu where there were plenty of veg options for yours truly.	statement	db
I'd say a non-ravenous couple could eat here for well under what I paid for my massive lunch samplings.	statement	db
Went to this place since I always visit the Thai restaurant next to this (Thai Gold) and thought why not try something different.	statement	db
I had the standard thai fare - pad thai, pineapple rice - I don't like to be too adventurous when I'm assessing the standard of a place, and sadly this just didn't cut it for me, especially in the light of its cheaper and much more flavoursome neighbours.	statement	db
It's more or less what I'd expect from a thai shop in a food court, and not much more.	statement	db
To be fair, I stopped by at 8:00 on a Thursday when it was not busy, but the place was spotless when I arrived.	statement	db
This is what spring/summer taste like.	statement	db
The short of it is: exceptional ingredients, skilfully prepared, by a chef who has a great palate.	statement	db
Here, they completely justify the price which in retrospect is quite low for what you get.	statement	db
Whoever the chef is, he knows what he is doing.	statement	db
I really hate saying lukewarm things about people who make the effort to put food in front of me, it is after all, a deliberate and likely carefully considered act and	statement	db
(The only downside is you will crave it at midnight when trying to write a Yelp review...) The risotto and rendang are both new and simply delicious.	statement	db
I've always passed by this place on a weekday night and wondered why they weren't open.	statement	db
The food is what brightens up the place for sure!	statement	db
Owner Derrick together with the team headed by Chef Naz, who has a background in malay cuisine and trained in Italian cooking; came up with an array of modern european dishes with a local twist.	statement	db
They are what I would term as ""mildly spicy"".	statement	db
As someone who doesn't really like spicy foods, and yet still goes into Quaker Steak & Lube and attemps half a dozen of level 100, yeap.	statement	db
The homemade sauce is what gives this dish a local twist.	statement	db
The fish itself is so soft that you can't really cut it, so when you mix it together with the sauce, you'll end up with little minced fish slices for sure.	statement	db
The definition of modern european food with a local twist, which is what the owner Derrick is trying to bring across to the typical hipster crowd.	statement	db
The slaw doubled up as a ""crunch"" for the dish, when mixed with the sweet potato, it was fabulous!	statement	db
Just try it out and you'd know what I mean.	statement	db
Me & H went at 11 am when the cafe just opened.	statement	db
Smelled lovely when it first arrived, we couldn't taste the truffle.	statement	db
Lapsang Souchong Tea One of their stronger teas, the Lapsang Souchong is good for those who like a smokiness to their tea.	statement	db
Unfortunately, due to there being no 0.5* rating on Yelp, I'll throw in an extra 0.5* for this place because the staff are friendly and even took the time to explain and recommend me a tea when I asked.	statement	db
Customer service was really excellent :) partly cuz we went at 11am when the cafe just opened on a sunday, the waiter and owner made sure that we enjoyed the food and coffee!	statement	db
This is the first restaurant of recently rewarded Chef Chan who is a Michelin starred chef!	statement	db
We got there and the queue was not that long outside but when we left it snaked around and was on the street out of the queue barriers.	statement	db
Service/Experience: Staff is woefully unprepared which is why everything is so slow.	statement	db
The kitchen is actually very fast and all the food is ready to go but the actual point of sale system seems to be flawed and this is why the wait is so damn long.	statement	db
I recommend coming back in a few months when hopefully the service improves.	statement	db
Many people like me were caught on a surprise,  Anyway, it was a short stroll from the hawker center to the new location, basically across Smith Street of Chinatown Complex where the hawker center is.	statement	db
Here's the summary....  Service - The staffs were very unpleasant, somehow they were all burned out(This new store was opened less than a month ago when I came) or they were way under paid.	statement	db
As I was waiting, I saw the staffs were slow at cleaning the table, they were upset at people who removed used plates and placed on unoccupied tables.	statement	db
On our way back to the MRT station however, I caught sight of a restaurant where people were forming two lines to dine in.	statement	db
Though the queue (two rows) looked intimidating, we decided to wait it out and see what the hype was about.	statement	db
While waiting in-line, the staff brought us menus so we would know what we wanted to order by the time we got to the cashier.	statement	db
After you place your order and pay, they will give you a buzzer that will vibrate when your food is ready.	statement	db
+ They were out of Char Siew when we ordered around 6:30pm, so we ordered the soya chicken rice and noodle.	statement	db
During this time, I will with my son to the hawker center upstairs where we were to scope out the stall.	statement	db
given that I now expect to be disappointed more than not when having cake outside, this last point is vital.	statement	db
By keeping to what they do best, it maintains the standard.	statement	db
The coffee was average - not comparable to what we just had at Liberty coffee, it is your run-of-the-mill latte.	statement	db
Decorated beautifully combining french and japanese influences, it creates its own little enclave where one can sit at ease to enjoy a cup of coffee and a slice of cake while people-watching or browsing through a book or magazine.	statement	db
Staff was a little inflexible when I tried to get my eggs Benedict with spinach or tomatoes rather than ham, but we finally settled on mushrooms.	statement	db
I love all the little touches, and when you go in there's a knick-knack corner where you can buy little things like bookmarks and bracelets and even shoes!	statement	db
After sitting at a seat close to the fountain where the sun was beating down on me, I felt rather hot and decided to get something to cool myself down.	statement	db
However, I was in for a surprise when the lunch crowd flooded the place and many purchased deserts here after finishing their main course.	statement	db
A good time to visit would be in the morning or after lunchtime, where the office lunch crowd has cleared and you can take your time to enjoy your dessert :)	statement	db
this ain't bashing, because this place isn't gourmet (and it knows it), but really - it's only good if you want something sweet and really can't care about what you have (because if you did, you'd head to patisserie g, just barely five minutes away).	statement	db
Plus, it's in Marina Bay Sands so in a pinch you can book a room to nap in when the food coma sets inn	statement	db
Service was also impeccable, they were pretty much stealthy ninjas who refilled your teapot while you were conversing.	statement	db
Steamed carrot cake was also a little too tough and bland for my preference - I really prefer it when the texture is softer with more flavour (I'm thinking of the one at Wah Lok@Carlton Hotel as an example).	statement	db
I really wanted to give this place 4* but when you trot out $5 or so per plate of dim sum, the expectations do go up and it's a shame.	statement	db
The cost is reasonable, a bit on the pricey side, but for the quality of food served I am willing to pay a bit extra to get what I need for my diet.	statement	db
Eating with keeping in mind what youre putting into your body.	statement	db
The seats were actually sofa seats and there was an iPad where you could order additional items which wasn't on the conveyor belt.	statement	db
Couldn't resist the temptation of seeing it on the belt rotating three to five times when we were there.	statement	db
But the cheesecake wasn't as moist as it should be - what can you expect for $1.60.	statement	db
Their Gong Cha milk tea with the special cream is what hits the spot for me.	statement	db
The cranium set is missing the plasticine for sculpting, which was quite disappointing.. And there's no instructions for most of the games and unlike board game cafés, no one is there to introduce games to you or teach you how to play the games so I had to recall what games were fun to play and how to play them and teach my friends all at the same time!	statement	db
I don't really care, as long as they're not in front of me when I want some bubble tea.	statement	db
From Singapore to Mountain View, California, I've seen hoards of asian people (in particular, girls) who queue for this drink... Yelp Tip: next time you're trying to pick up an Asian girl - send her a bubble tea instead of a martini!!!	statement	db
Not sure why NTU is not on the list.	statement	db
oh wells...)    What worries me (& all avid fans of bubble tea) is that a German study has warned that tapioca pearls found in bubble tea may contain cancer-causing chemicals!!!	statement	db
I will probably bring my family here when they visit.	statement	db
Only real shocker when the bill came was that the focaccia (pizza bianca) cost $12.80.	statement	db
Would recommend based on what I had access to.	statement	db
There is a chill in the air when it comes to service at this restaurant.	statement	db
Even when we grabbed someone they were reluctant to serve us...they said the kitchen was very busy.	statement	db
I am not sure why her other co-workers 1) are not trained to operate the cash register & 2) Don't seem like they want to assist her in packing the take-out orders.	statement	db
Thank God for this lady who saved the day!	statement	db
We'll definitely go back when we want a quiet classy night out.	statement	db
But now, I guess who doesn't want extra business, THERE'S NO LIMIT to the number of cupcakes you can buy!	statement	db
Being the fifth in line, as we walked in, we had a good choice of what we wanted to try.As we were cafe hopping the whole day, I couldn't order 2 of everything to bring home.	statement	db
My conclusion is, the reason why people love Fluff bakery cupcakes is because of their interesting and creative flavours and because as people queue up for these cupcakes, THEY ARE FRESH!	statement	db
Arrangement of food with wasabi on the bed of ice made no different as what we have someone where!	statement	db
Hjiki Fried Rice - $9  Special thanks to my pal who insisted that I should give Teng Bespoke a try and it gave me another view point of having Japanese dining in a vegetarian way.	statement	db
One of the servers did mentioned that they have more than 1 overflow room and in fact Teng Bespoke is also serving Thai Vegetarian Food and perhaps this is why we see Lemon Grass Drink available in its menu.	statement	db
I was searching for a vegetarian restaurant for a friend who is vegan, Teng Bespoke caught our attention as we didn't know there is a japanese vegetarian restaurant in SG.	statement	db
Our servers were older ladies who knew what they were talking about.	statement	db
SERVICE  Staff are friendly and when we mention we have a friend who is pregnant, the lady who sat us in ask if we prefer the low seat then the high chair.	statement	db
UOB is cure net offering priority queue for those who did not reserve in advance, but based on experience, the wait is about the same as the normal queue.	statement	db
I love the band, Switch Gang on Fridays, and always Tay Kexin who sings on Mondays and Thursdays!	statement	db
There are live bilingual, soft rock performances every night and the food is typical of what Timbre serves best; pizzas and tapas.	statement	db
6) Pineapple dark chocolate tart - This is pretty much what you can expect a pineapple dark chocolate tart to taste like.	statement	db
that is when you know, for sure, she has arrived.	statement	db
You know, I visited Wild Rocket back when it was relatively fresh and a super 'hot table'.	statement	db
So when a friend said that dinner was at Wild Rocket, I was unenthused, and actually a little wary.	statement	db
We ignored him when it came to dessert and were glad we did, but more on that later.	statement	db
I confess to forgetting exactly what we had for starters and mains, but I do remember all of us being quite impressed, particularly with the mains.	statement	db
I've heard a lot about the place prior to going to Wild Rocket, especially so from my friend who convinced me to make the trip down because she was so impressed by the food from an earlier visit.	statement	db
For those who love asiatic flavours, you'll fall in love with this dish - the melt-in-your-mouth salmon coupled with the nutty aromatic brown rice and sesame seeds, mixed with chewy bits of octopus meat.	statement	db
The restaurant is nicely decorated and set in a dim, candle-lit space, and the waiters carry a chalkboard over when you sit to enthusiastically explain their special menu for the day, and the house wines... it's fun!	statement	db
Spice level is high just as in Thailand so be clear when ordering if this is not for you.	statement	db
This is one of my ""must-eats"" when I am back in Singapore.	statement	db
You walk in, find a table, head on straight to the order counter and place your order that will be delivered to your table when ready...CASH only so be prepared for that.	statement	db
Someone on yelp was talking about ""inflated prices"" hahahah what a moron...S$6 can get you entire meal that will fill you up.	statement	db
About the only service is when they serve the Food.	statement	db
A great place to have your coffee and if you want to know what this first store of a big kopitiam chain is like.	statement	db
You order and pay at the front counter, so its better to know what you want before you come in.	statement	db
The kaya is fresh and when combined with the melted butter, is heaven in your mouth.	statement	db
It's hard not to eat 2 of these french loaves when they're SUCH a good value.	statement	db
Most of the time I had pleasant experiences with the staff, and most of the time my table was clean when I sat down (again, this is about what you can expect with low-cost casual dining in Singapore).	statement	db
These are the only things I eat when I break bread here.	statement	db
This is the place where it all began.	statement	db
Where everyone is treated as an equal,  and where the lines know no end.	statement	db
There was a time when Kaya toast was hard to find.	statement	db
This landmark kopitiam is where I go when I'm usually craving a quick bite of unhealthy local fare.	statement	db
of the restaurant who takes my orders is this friendly Chinese woman who is always happy to have a chat and a laugh.	statement	db
I've been coming here since my secondary school days just to hang out with friends when I get sick of Starbucks and the like, and need some good ol' kaya toast with soft-boiled eggs.	statement	db
Indeed, you get a real sense of nostalgia when you step in and sit and the old school marble kopitiam tables.	statement	db
If i were to nitpick, I would say that sometimes the chicken has that faint chickeny taste you get when the chicken used isn't super fresh.	statement	db
Quite a number of Singaporeans I know who have been there are not exactly raving about it as some find the spices too strong, certain flavours too mild etc.	statement	db
Even when we shared about five to six items on the menu amongst six people, each of us had to fork out about $15-20.	statement	db
It always seemed to be busy when we walked past it, so figured it must be good enough.	statement	db
I was down to my last Singapore dollars and had to budget tightly with what I ordered.	statement	db
The prices weren't as good as a lot of other places on the same street, though I guess that is what you get for going to a chain restaurant.	statement	db
Around the area, my friends and I decided to have our late lunch there to see what the hype was about.	statement	db
It was milky and flavorsome and was best when coupled with rice.	statement	db
We stopped by Porn's because the French restaurant we wanted to eat was not open, and also partly to experience what a celebrity restaurant would be like.	statement	db
I guess for nostalgic reason and because I grew up having pork porridge when young and this came very close to it, this place deserves a 5-star.	statement	db
One of my favorite malls in Singapore and I was actually trying to figure out what the main appeal is.	statement	db
The basement level is where all the food places are.	statement	db
Marie at the Stamford hotel pool - what a wonderful lady.	statement	db
He even told me to keep my eyes peeled when I get up escalators and spot random strange men standing around by themselves.	statement	db
That said, the mall is the nearest to City Hall MRT station, it's the place where you can get your things if you can't make the time to Suntec or Marina Square.	statement	db
Right next to Robinsons there's the flamboyant M.A.C where I've seen one of the most helpful salesgirls.	statement	db
But the basement food area and the newly expanded section of the basement is where I spend most of my time.	statement	db
There is some interesting food to pick and munch on when you want a quick bite, and when you want something more substantial there are also decent choices.	statement	db
There are a lot of stalls there and because of the foodcourt, the supermarket and a whole lot of food outlets located at the basement, I see where the people are coming from.	statement	db
One part of the mall I always check out when I'm there is the basement, where there are tonnes of food stalls and restaurants including some very decent ones.	statement	db
I mainly hop over whenever I go to any conferences or conventions are the two neighbouring hotels, or when I am further down at esplanade and am looking for cheaper food.	statement	db
I took what Mary had left, which was biscuits with meat, and chicken on toast.	statement	db
I realize my description of what I ate is poor, does not matter(again), it was delicious.	statement	db
Aunty Mary, as many would call her, is the chef and owner who whips up fantastic home-cooked Eurasian cuisine.	statement	db
Do be a little patient with the lovely aunties and nuns that help out as servers, cos they may get a little overwhelmed when the cafe gets crowded.	statement	db
The stew was probably a little more like a soup and not as tasty as I hoped, and reminds me of something my mum might cook when she's decided we've had too much rich food.	statement	db
The owner cooks almost all the food there herself and she's really friendly, greeting regular customers like old friends, and giving new customers like myself helpful advice on what to order.	statement	db
I once sat next to the counter where a tray of cookies were set to cool--the torture of that buttery goodness in the air, because they were baked to fill and order and I couldn't buy them!	statement	db
For those who have never been here, this restaurant is located within the National Gallery, but remains open until a later time.	statement	db
It had a very buttery and fatty taste to it, so those who enjoy foie gras may like how it is prepared here.	statement	db
It was a small, but ""just right"" portion so I wasn't left nauseated when I finished it.	statement	db
I would probably just recommend this to people who would prefer a nicer and more upscale environment for an evening meal or to celebrate an occasion because the decor and atmosphere of the place is rather nice.	statement	db
I usually applaud chefs who go through the trouble of puree-ing, and they got the texture nice and smooth which is usually hard to do for peas.	statement	db
Service there is top notch, the food also quite decent, but when they ask you for still or sparkling water, learn to say 'tap water' because 'still water' means they give you the fancy mineral sort and I ended up paying S$50 on water along.	statement	db
I am typically not a big fan of AYCE buffets as I find the quality typically below par and since I have little self control when it comes to buffets, I tend to overeat, feeling guilty afterwards since it is not worth the calories (hey, don't judge me, I bet you do as well).	statement	db
The fact that it was completely packed on Saturday evening and had a line in front (which we could easily cut since we called up front for reservations) shows that I am not the only one who likes this place!	statement	db
It's main target audience are youngsters or students who want some korean bbq at a reasonable price.	statement	db
They had a varienty of meats, such as marinated ribeye, beef roll, pork belly, chicken and for those who love spicy.	statement	db
They also sell alcoholic drinks for those who want a complete Korean bbq meal!	statement	db
Crowded but thanks to a friend who arrived early we got a table for 3 easily.	statement	db
There are a good variety of meats to choose from, pork loin belly, marinated beef, marinated short ribs... not bad, I liked the pork loin belly myself, but that's what I normally eat when I'm having bqq.	statement	db
Definitely better than what I would expect at an all you can eat bbq joint and better than the BBQ buffets back home for sure.	statement	db
I've tried a few kbbq buffet places in random malls, and they are usually okay because when everything fails, one can eat chadol (thinly sliced beef brisket) with ssamjang and lettuce and be completely satisfied paying $24 since meat is so expensive in Singapore.	statement	db
In most kbbq places in Singapore, the meat is not of great quality (unlike Los Angeles where they somehow get good meat and low prices).	statement	db
And what a good decision it is.	statement	db
The food they serve is nothing like what is pictured on their menu.	statement	db
The moussaka is no where near legit (or good) and they charge you double.	statement	db
And couldn't give us change when we were forced to pay with cash.	statement	db
We were a little surprised when we received the menu as it had not actually looked like a place that would serve only a 7-course meal.	statement	db
On the whole, I enjoyed the brisk service although it was rather annoying when they kept coming over to ask if we're done when we were eating rather slowly.	statement	db
6 course menu for lunch and 7 course menu for dinner , where you can choose your appetizers, mains, dessert and drinks.	statement	db
This is a great example why I think Yelp is awesome: I would have never come here without it but I am so glad I discovered this place!	statement	db
However, I did not review as places sometimes are more customer oriented when they know that there is a bunch of yelpers in the house.	statement	db
But when I came again recently after Sunday brunch, I found that their service is consistently good and the beers are cheap for Singapore standards (S$ 5 for a half pint their house brews).	statement	db
For someone who doesn't really take stout, I liked it a little too much (although I still feel the nitrogen infused stout I had in the states still kicked ass).	statement	db
They're a new microbrewery on Jalan Besar, and believe me when I say they're a lovely group of folks.	statement	db
Their truffle fries are the perfect starters, and I suggest you devour them as soon as they're served, as that's when they taste the best!	statement	db
They're doused in teriyaki sauce, which makes them a bit messy, but when garnished with sesame seeds and spring onions, they're finger lickin' good!	statement	db
I would probably not come here for the beers when a hawker stall in Chinatown has way more selection available, albeit them being the bottled variety.	statement	db
1925 is a special year as it is the year that the owner's grandfather was born and thus where the restaurant gets its now famous name.	statement	db
Lastly, the Tyrwhitt's Wings... Who doesn't like Teriyaki infused chicken wings.	statement	db
I found out the hard way, when I stubbornly chose my own beer when I should have just listened - remember the Yellow Van goes with the duck.	statement	db
The service made up for some of the disappointments but the straw that broke the camel's back was when our friend who orders the fish and chips was asked to order something else and then didn't receive her food until well after we had finished our meals.	statement	db
My other friend who ordered a hamburger also had to wait a long time for his food to arrive.	statement	db
People who put 5 stars here are either rich or ignorant	statement	db
In a neighborhood that is full of hardware stores and shady KTV joints (gotta love 'em), The 1925 is officially a place where you can meet up and have a legit, innocent drink.	statement	db
I'm undecided on labelling it as ""Casual"" place - this is Singapore after all, where Casual is both the old and new Black, but you order and pay at the counter before you take your seat and you don't get a free flow of banchan (the small side dishes) so I suppose it counts.	statement	db
Hotel prices are through the roof and if you are trying keep what you can on the inexpensive side of things then the mall or outdoor eateries are the way to go!!	statement	db
Try something new or stick with what you know.	statement	db
That are not cheap but you get what you pay for and nothing is lacking here.	statement	db
They are also very serious about taxi service and will arrange everything for you so you can get comfortably and safely where you need to go.	statement	db
It is open 24/7 and they'll get what you need done.	statement	db
We stayed with our 2.5-yrs old who enjoyed the playground and the pool.	statement	db
the staff is wonderful and friendly, basically what you would expect from a high class hotel.	statement	db
Yes they were, but pizza only - exactly what we wanted.	statement	db
My heart leaped for joy when I saw that they actually had a true wood fire oven at the back.	statement	db
Recently, attended the sausage festival where their handmade sausages of chicken, pork and lamb were a big hit.	statement	db
In a street where there are many other restaurants.	statement	db
So, when my freind invited me last night and said it was highly recommended, I cringed!	statement	db
Then when I finished my dinner, I was pleasantly suprised.	statement	db
Tastes fine if that's what you know you are getting.	statement	db
TRUFFLE PIZZA - gratuitous use of the main ingredient, again, if that's what you want then you will be happy.	statement	db
I don't think they understand what makes a good pizza.	statement	db
Just opened for 2 months, this place had showed great promise when we walked past it a month ago.	statement	db
The husband really liked the four cheese pizza, I liked the taste of the gorgonzola cheese of it, but I had it when it was already slightly cold so could have been better.	statement	db
I tried this place when I was in Little India because I heard they had clearly marked vegan options on their menu (and they do).	statement	db
And I thought I had died and gone to heaven when I had the nonya laksa!!!	statement	db
It worked especially for me as I am a big fan of non veg food but when I have to be vegetarian on certain days I can go there to still feel like I'm not missing out on non veg food.	statement	db
Absolute rubbish, Singapore has some fantastic Indian restaurants, as someone who has made an effort to try many different ones around the world this place was one of the worst I have been to.	statement	db
Great local eatery on Arab street where the sidewalk seating provides a great vantage point of people watching.	statement	db
However, there was some small mishap at the spa when I first went down trying to make an appointment, because, nobody was answering my call there.	statement	db
Then some girl who was working there came out from back room but only had attention on some existing customers.	statement	db
which isn't exactly helpful when you have NO idea of where to go.	statement	db
Try the amazing breakfast buffet (with what I roughly counted) 4-5 different types of cuisines.	statement	db
I had to call twice at one point when the ice didn't arrive after 10 or 15 minutes, but after that they were always quick to fulfill the order.	statement	db
We also ordered McDonald's delivery via my smartphone, and the concierge kindly called us when the McDonald's delivery boy arrived in the lobby with our snacks.	statement	db
Location isn't ideal for me - a very minor detail as getting around is so so easy no matter where you are.	statement	db
We dined at Cherry Garden one evening where I was gob-smacked that I could enjoy beautiful Cantonese dishes made especially gluten free.	statement	db
It was refreshing to not have to reiterate at each venue what I could and couldn't eat and I would have no hesitation staying here again upon our return to Singapore	statement	db
We stay here only when the Hyatt is sold out.	statement	db
This is where we stayed most of our holiday in Singapore some years back.	statement	db
It was good but not enough meat to my taste :-( My wife ordered a Cheesburger and she enjoyed, which is rare when she eats hamburgers...	statement	db
The restaurant was already half full when we arrived.	statement	db
Hoping to also spot the bubbly restaurant manager who used to serve us lunch in the past, we were disappointed that she's no where in sight.	statement	db
One of the things I am always craving are Pho and Bun Bo Hue so when I went to Sim Lim Square form some electronics accessories, I was happy to see that there was a Vietnamese food stall in the basement, part of the Broadway foodcourt.	statement	db
Arguably, I've never been to Vietnam so maybe I am not entitled for having an opinion on how Vietnamese food should taste but I have spend considerable parts of my life eating Pho both at my Vietnamese friends homes and in Vietnamese restaurants in Paris, SoCal and Philly, all of which have sizeable Vietnamese communities so sue me for having an opinion... Or send me a message if you know where to get a delicious Bun Bo Hue or Pho in Singapore!	statement	db
Even when busy, I am usually able to quickly find a table to squeeze into.	statement	db
Some times when the weather is too hot, I don't like to eat at the People's Park Hawker centre as it can be quite stuffy and humid.	statement	db
Pretty reasonable.Yong Tau Foo Dry7 items is what I normally get, although you can top up 50 cents for laksa gravy.	statement	db
Even compared to the Malaysian yong tau foo I have been eating in the last 3 years when I lived in KL (they were very good but not as good as this one).	statement	db
I swear I have serious food rage when I see cocktail sausages in YTF.	statement	db
Yong Xiang XIng is one of those hawkers that have made it and who do something so well they only work limited hours.	statement	db
Infused with sweet melodious notes from the double boiled pear, the dessert resonated in harmony with the 云南滇红 Yunnan Red Tea, a highly prized Pu-er tea often served to foreign delegates including British Queen Elizabeth when she visited Kunming.	statement	db
In this era where bird's nest is no longer a beauty nourishing delicacy solely for ladies, guys would definitely love this too!	statement	db
For a full review, please visit:  http://urbanjourney.com/food-and-drink/tian-fu-tea-room-by-si-chuan-dou-hua-399  Si Chuan Dou Hua continues to spoil us time and time again with their quality food, fresh ingredients and flavorful dishes that just make our mouths water when we think of a meal there.The seemingly endless varieties of dim sum, coupled with its cozy, relaxed ambiance always keep us coming back for more.	statement	db
which I feel is the most important thing when eating soup in Singapore.	statement	db
I lived around the corner for a year before trying it out during a quiet time to see what the fuss was about.	statement	db
There isn't much ambience when you dine at Xin Yuan Ji.	statement	db
The lack of space and close proximity to offices in Suntec City means that there's always a crunch when it comes to peak periods so be prepared to share a table, or get there early so you don't have to queue in the blazing hot sun.	statement	db
In general, westerners are a little grossed out by restaurants where the food is out in front of you, mainly due to connotations of the bad cafeteria food at we ate school.	statement	db
Will definitely come back when we visit Singapore in the future!	statement	db
my mom just got off the phone with one of your employees and i couldnt help but overhear what was going on and had to add my 2 cents over the phone too.	statement	db
never in my life have i had to go through so much unpleasantness just to order some food like seriously its coulda be so easily resolved if u think about it but the lady on the line just kept on digging herself and the business a deeper grave by pushing the blame to the papers by not honoring what was published....smh......which is not totally not resolving the situation objectively at all.	statement	db
The beef, when dipped in their homemade chilli, was so good!	statement	db
Geesss.....not sure why this is even given 4 star.	statement	db
Please try the one at Ion food republic Scotts Beef Noodles where the gravy is full of flavor and the meat cook to a medium rare.	statement	db
Probably the best beef noodles in Singapore (at least to me), I've found myself going back on a weekly basis ever since I discovered it almost 14 years ago when my mother first introduced it to me.	statement	db
Located on the first level of Golden Mile Food Centre, it's the first stall when you enter from the main staircase.	statement	db
What makes it so good, and for almost a decade straight, the standard has not dropped one bit, thanks to the dedication of the owners who are in there day after day.	statement	db
They know what they are doing and they do it very well.	statement	db
If they do roast pork this well, I can only imagine what they can do with a roast duck.	statement	db
The French beans were still crunchy when served, which is good, but was overpowered by the five spiced powder added in the frying.	statement	db
Yes, we eat a lot; this is why my diet never works out.	statement	db
People on diets and those who like their meat lean will not be happy - the char siew here is very fatty.	statement	db
I mistook a piece of garlic for salted egg and gagged when I bit into it, but that's not the chef's fault.	statement	db
I can understand now why Char would be worthy of a NY Times review, and I hope to try more of the extensive menu, although I will always order the char siew every time.	statement	db
Toast Box had only one cafe when when I lived in Singapore half a decade ago, so it's pretty crazy to come across the number of outlets populating the city nowadays-- it seems easier to find a Toast Box than Ya Kun!	statement	db
Unfortunately they ran out of the ""Milo"" drink when I wanted to order one but the laksa was delicious.	statement	db
A tad disappointing when we had to scrapped for meat while the gravy was spicy and delicious.	statement	db
We washed it down with the mango lassi and the salt lassi (not quite sure what it is).	statement	db
Forget what you hear about Banana Leaf and come here instead!	statement	db
This is the reason why I fell in love with Anjappar at first.	statement	db
For those who are overwhelmed with the choices, try the set meal with 9 dishes served on your plate.	statement	db
Dining in can be a problem, for those who enjoy having a lot of space.	statement	db
The appams with coconut milk and sugar was a hit among us ladies who always have space for sweets.	statement	db
If you're not familiar with the cuisine, go with someone who is.	statement	db
Not a fancy place, but for all this food, and we paid about half of what we normally pay.	statement	db
But Raffles was on to something good when he decided to put so many Chinese together in a spot because it led to some really good culinary effervescence we get to enjoy today!	statement	db
They burst in your mouth, so be careful not to burn yourself when you first bite into one!	statement	db
Enjoy with the elders who like to chill in this food court.	statement	db
I'm not quite certain where the latest Krazy Kreative Kool Korean Fried Chicken recipes are thought up, but I like to imagine that there's a secret lab in Korea somewhere, maybe on a secret island, stocked with K-Pop stars in bedazzled lab coats, surrounded by test tubes, chicken, all sorts of cooking equipment and copious amounts of watermelon soju...	statement	db
Welcome to the new frontier of Korean Fried Chicken at Chir Chir, where only having Spicy and Soy Garlic flavors to choose from was left back in the dark ages...  At Chir Chir, your choices are only confined to your appetite (and the size of the entourage you brought with you).	statement	db
I went at 3 pm in the afternoon and could barely hear my friend who was seated across from me.	statement	db
From the outside the place looks deceptively small but when you walk in there is plenty of seating.	statement	db
So when you order the spicy chicken, it is doubly spicy but still manageable.	statement	db
We ordered what we came for, but couldn't help noticing the pile of delicious fried chicken our neighbors were eating.	statement	db
The waitress said that it will be four cups when poured from the glass jug and since I was thirsty, I didn't think more about whether I could finish it up.	statement	db
Special shout out to the friendly staff member who made us laugh while serving us!	statement	db
I was here in early Feb when the outlet was around a few weeks old, and they seemed to have some teething problems.	statement	db
The honey butter chicken with rice stick is awesome and what I always order.	statement	db
Yet what surprised me the most was the addition of roasted sweet potatoes and fried Toppoki that lent some balance to the textures and flavors.	statement	db
The AC is too much so it'll chill the food too fast(which is why I hate eating outdoors).	statement	db
that I would like to try if I ever go back, that is when I crave for Korean fried chicken once in a blue moon.	statement	db
The fun starts when the large plate comes to the table and every body dig into the one plate !	statement	db
I seeked the King of Curry, CoCo Ichibanya when I was in Singapore, I figure it'd be a cheaper option than to fly to Japan and try it there (hahaha).	statement	db
Hubby was really full after eating his curry and questioned his judgment on why he ordered the extra topping.	statement	db
We spotted a guy who ordered his curry with the extremely hot level and he had trouble finishing it.	statement	db
He was sweating bullets but of course a guy had to look strong especially when surrounded by two pretty girls that he shared his table with.	statement	db
A good place to go when you're craving Japanese curry!	statement	db
So be careful when you take your first bite.	statement	db
Sundays seem to be the best days here when they bring in a dj, food vendors, and games.	statement	db
The XLB is what you get here if you didn't know, you can get other stuff but the XLB is what you should put down in the box as soon as you sit down.	statement	db
We visited a few Din Tai Fung restaurants when we were in Singapore and were blown away at their good quality control.	statement	db
Couldn't decide what to eat, and stumbled on DTF.	statement	db
I've had such high expectations for their soup dumplings that when they came out, I was a little disappointed.	statement	db
Honestly, it wasn't a great first experience as when we approached the restaurant front of staff and asked about vegetarian options for my mother, the lady said there was nothing vegetarian available.	statement	db
I had my first xlb experience in August when I waited over 90 minutes to eat at Din Tai Fung in Seattle.	statement	db
It was well worth the wait and when I found out that there are locations all over Singapore, I had to make a visit.	statement	db
This location is located on the top floor of the Wisma Atria which was super easy to get to from the Grand Hyatt where we were staying.	statement	db
I was delighted when we didn't have to wait at all and were seated immediately.	statement	db
I ordered the braised beef noodles and pork xlb which was what I had ordered in Seattle.	statement	db
I love that the xlb is consistent and still amazing no matter where you go to in the world.	statement	db
We finally had nearly all of our food (following a dumpling mix-up), when I was asked to pay and come to the till - where I had to wait for someone else to pay.	statement	db
I stopped a waiter who immediately offered a replacement.	statement	db
Instead of setting a portrait of my spouse on my bedside table when I travel to Singapore, I will be placing the business card from Din Tai Fung, which features a picture of a plump xiao long bao, on the table next to my bed.	statement	db
I'm not an expert in this type of food, so feel free to ignore me, but I can only go on what my taste buds told me when I visited.	statement	db
Perhaps it was our selections that were off, but there is a bit of pressure when you are not even allowed into the restaurant until you have picked your food!	statement	db
This may be a chain but what a delicious chain it is.	statement	db
And for Ang Mohs who are just entering the world of Asian food this is a great place to start ;)	statement	db
Diners mark selections on a clipboard either while waiting for a table or immediately when seated.	statement	db
This will be one of my regular spots when in singapore!	statement	db
This joint brings you higher end (and higher price) Indian food than what you'd normally get.	statement	db
It was a bit sweet - which the manager had informed us about when we ordered.	statement	db
I told the manager who claimed all the food was made only upon ordering.	statement	db
Only when I told the manager did it come.	statement	db
For those who love salted egg yolks.	statement	db
My husband loved this place when it was at the other location and insisted we come check out the new location.	statement	db
They handed out the menu as we were waiting so when it came time to be seated we new exactly what we wanted.	statement	db
Can die a satisfied man   This joint takes great pride in what they serve and it shows.	statement	db
First, the service is very bad: server had no idea what the dishes included (do they include cheese, do they come with bread); the dishes were served one, then two, then the last one came after the first three finished eating.	statement	db
Of course we could've ordered more, but this brings me to fourth: the prices are way too high for what you get.	statement	db
They survive by overcharging tourists who will never be return costumers.	statement	db
for cooks who know what they are doing!	statement	db
I am not exactly sure what ingredients went into it, but it was more amazing than the yakitori itself.	statement	db
Even though the waiter who served it to us, asked us to eat it with caution, as if we would be completely tipsy from eating the dessert.	statement	db
We had one really interesting experience where I was refused cream with the special hipster v60 (or whatever it's called) coffee.	statement	db
It appears to be popular but it baffles me as to why when I can list many others that are doing it better.	statement	db
Here's where it went bad: 1) Menu looked amazing and we wanted coffee - quickly!	statement	db
2) Took a long time for coffee to arrive - This is where I know things go wrong 3) Ordered Avocado & Feta Smash - It was a slice of generic sourdough with a swipe of Avocado with a sprinkle of feta and some old mint leaves - they forgot my side order of a poached egg.	statement	db
Sorry guys thats how I felt and what I was served, Im a fussy brunch fella and I won't return.	statement	db
There was a pack of butter and what appeared to be honey in a small dish.	statement	db
It looked really photogenic if you get what I mean but it didn't look appetizing at all.	statement	db
It was fine when paired with white rice.	statement	db
You can see the excessive oil dripping down the shui kush and the pool of oil when you are done with it.	statement	db
And who told me that wasn't wrong: this has been by far, the best shui kueh (""water cake"") I ever tried here in town.	statement	db
I'm not the only one who thinks so, customers are always requesting extra servings of the condiment.	statement	db
At the end of the day, you find what you like, make your peace and keep you mouth shut about whether you think this is better than your cousin's mix.	statement	db
When I moved to Singapore from America when I was a kid, my parents used to bring me to Tiong Bahru Market every weekend to wean me off cereal and toast.	statement	db
The lady who served me was delightful and I ordered a lemon and plum juice from next door.	statement	db
Served with finely diced cai pok (preserved radish) and satisfyingly spicy chilli, this was one of the only foods my grandmother would indulge in without any inhibition, and she was very picky about her food especially when cancer robbed her of her appetite.	statement	db
But when I bought her Jian bo chwee kueh and ate with her in front of the TV, it was one of our happier moments when I realised I finally found something delicious enough to make her feel like eating again.	statement	db
This stall has been around for a long time, I remember visting this stall at the old tiong bahru market when I was a child.	statement	db
It was definitely not from a packet like most places, where the miso soup tastes like it all came from the same factory in Japan.	statement	db
To begin with, there's too much light inside, so most of what we could see through the glass was a reflection of what was happening behind us.	statement	db
The rooftop bar is where the good view is.	statement	db
We didn't eat there and maybe that's where the negative reviews stem from but for $18 to get a drink and a heat respite with a view, I'm sold.	statement	db
We also asked for water but despite a few requests where we were told it wasn't available and they would then speak with their manager, it never arrived.	statement	db
Despite being so dark that I could not see what I was eating.	statement	db
I'm sure it would have been much better at dusk when we would have had a better view of the Singapore skyline.	statement	db
I almost fell out of my chair when I saw my salad.	statement	db
They were not trained to recommend or tell us about the spending until we got the check, they didn't know who ordered what so they try to give me my husbands dish,  they were not informed about the wine to let it breathe, trying to explain why my tiger prawn was so small compare to other people's tiger prawns dish by telling me because mine was a salad.	statement	db
The service staff isn't well trained for the place where they charge so much money for not so edible good.	statement	db
Entrance of stairs down to the toilet was place where they cleared dirty dishes.	statement	db
This is particularly egregious in a food paradise of a city where you can get better at hawker centers for $2-$5 per plate easily.	statement	db
I therefore understand why they might rent the restaurant space in the Supertree to Indochine to make up some of the cost and help pay its way.	statement	db
Their service is some of the worst ever - awful, rude, bored staff who ignored everybody on a Saturday evening and seemed to have no care for their jobs or guests.	statement	db
However, for those who have too little time to look at the botanical gardens or who would rather invest the admission money in a drink, the Super Trees will be the place to be, as they are the highlight of the gardens.	statement	db
In one of the trees you will find the Indochine, a restaurant with a cocktail lounge on the roof terrace, from where you can enjoy a spectacular view onto the city.	statement	db
Dessert was worse than what u get from 7/11.	statement	db
Then upon the server placing the order, the iPad is taken away and paper menus were brought out later when we asked about dessert.	statement	db
But when we got to the top, the roof bar was closed and they wouldn't let us sit at a table in the restaurant even though there was plenty of space.	statement	db
A very minor grouse, I dislike the black napkins here, because I can't gauge how clean my mouth is when I wipe it or if I need to reapply some lippie.	statement	db
I think women who wear lipstick might agree with me, but I'm just nitpicking.	statement	db
I mean it's literally fried instant ramen, so that's probably not where the cost went.	statement	db
I'm so tired of going to restaurants when the server has no idea what's going on, takes 10 minutes to bring in an associate to explain, and this associate has no idea that I can spot bull all the way to KL.	statement	db
server who was pretty knowledgeable though he left mid-way through our meal.	statement	db
The entire restaurant was booked up but the waitress, who knows how to work a business, said I could have 2 bar seats before an 8.45 reservation.	statement	db
It's in walking distance of where we live to so I was really excited to find out about it.	statement	db
Its the places you will go when you wanna chitchat n have japanese food with some sake.	statement	db
You may ask what do I mean by Canto style congee.	statement	db
It's my comfort when I'm ill or having no appetite for whatever reason.	statement	db
That's what you're in for, ladies and gents.	statement	db
We sampled a selection of different dishes where the best was the black pepper chicken that came in a flavorful sauce with nice vegetables but the chicken was clearly low quality with a spongy feel to it.	statement	db
Its open 24 hours a day, making it a lifesaver late at night when few other places are open.	statement	db
The menu is quite large so you can have anything from a full meal to a light snack, depending on what you're feeling like.	statement	db
Muthu Curry was the place that the Folks insisted on visiting when I said I wanted to have some delicious curry fish head.	statement	db
Those who are adverse to spicy food will be able to handle this pot easily as the curry is NOT spicy at all.	statement	db
If the menu looks Greek to those who seldom have Indian food, there is also display counter where one can pick whatever food that looks tantalizing.	statement	db
So I rejoiced when I could have the entire naan all myself ( the rest took charge of the remaining rice;)  As usual, free flow pappadum, free flow of side vegetables (yellow cabbage was ok but the sautéed long beans were too salty).	statement	db
Quite hard to get their attention when we needed more rice/naan.	statement	db
The fish head curry over here is still as good as it was when I had it as a little kid, while the rest of the dishes have not really been consistent.	statement	db
Final verdict: Recommended for those who love their Indian food really hot and spicy!	statement	db
The five o f us  have  never got the chance to try French food before, so the waitress  took  the  trouble  to explain to us what certain dishes were.. Merci,  Mademoiselle, for the all pains you went through with us.	statement	db
I don't understand why this place/chain is so popular.	statement	db
Slightly higher than its competitors  Location: Not a bad location but hard to find if you don't know where you're going  Food: Limited variety.	statement	db
Each seating is about 2.5hours and when you make your payment at the counter on your way out, the cashier will also spray you with febreeze to freshen your clothes.	statement	db
He just keeps spraying some anti-smell stuff to customers who is leaving WITHOUT asking them.	statement	db
Its a simple cosy restaurant opened by a Chinese couple who employed a few chefs from China.	statement	db
I tried asking a shop staff what is the name of the shop.	statement	db
Overall, it served a very good place for those who prefer authentic Henghua Cuisine and give a very good reminiscent to the earlier generations as Ming Chung has been very reputable since the earlier days.	statement	db
with this one though, you have something a little more like the local version of heng hwa food (as opposed to the beach road one, which served up what seemed to be more mainland-chinese heng hwa) - very homestyle, very simple, but plenty tasty and flavorful.	statement	db
it's completely without frills, and the very sort of establishment in which you get cantankerous service from old ladies who couldn't be less bothered about what you want.	statement	db
Whenever I want comfort Heng Hwa food, which is all the time (especially when it rains..	statement	db
It also comes with free scowls, as any good Chinese place worth its salt must have, in the form of grumpy waiters/assorted family members who clearly come from the old school of Chinese-style 'service'.	statement	db
Be prepared to be assertive, don't expect to be looked after, don't be afraid to ask twice or more for what you need!	statement	db
Waving frantically when they looked vaguely in our direction was probably the only way to get their attention.	statement	db
After trying the stuff she ordered, I kind of regretted ordering what I did as I loved what she ordered just as much!	statement	db
Prices are not really cheap but I guess you get what you pay for.	statement	db
That's when one of my team suggested to go to ""the study"" as she had been there and had some glowing reviews about the food.	statement	db
Parking is rather difficult as the restaurant is located in quite a snazzy hot spot where both locals and tourists frequent for food and drinks.	statement	db
You have the kitchen within the space of the restaurant where you can get a good view of the talented chefs preparing food.	statement	db
I love how you get the light, refreshing taste of the tomato first then your tongue tastes the truffle burrata, where it starts to fill it with the creaminess of the burrata.	statement	db
And when eaten together, Pls don't be surprised if you find yourself doing the happy dance!	statement	db
Additionally for what each dish was worth (pricey), the portions were also a tad small even by a lady's standards.	statement	db
I'd have to say that the sea bass with gnocchi was up to the standard I'm used to in London, but other than that, really expensive wine ($80 SGD for a bottle) and somewhat disappointing food was certainly where I'd not want to return.	statement	db
You hand them your card when you order and they either hand you the food or tell you how long the wait will be.	statement	db
It is a bit on the expensive side but you pay for what you get.	statement	db
I won't go there for a relaxed meal unless it is not in the busy time and it is far from ideal when you have children in the group.	statement	db
Marche provided a different binge experience for me when I shared another meal episode with my relatives.	statement	db
Only 3-stars...because this place is just okay...especially when my own tab came up to $70+ both times.	statement	db
(Oh family, what I do to hang out with you all...)  NOTE:  No pictures at or around the stalls.	statement	db
IF you are the kind of person who want some of everything you can blow your wad pretty quick.	statement	db
I did have a sandwich from the bakery this morning and it was a reasonable 4.90 so depending on what you order YMMV   The sandwich was good and will go back if for nothing else beside that or a rostey (hash brown)	statement	db
The decor deserves a mention as it just adds to your curiosity of what new might be in store!	statement	db
Just when you look up and think ""Heyy!!	statement	db
All in all a super place to go when you're hungry and a must try in Singapore!	statement	db
First and foremost, this is one of the few establishments in Singapore where we can  bring kids and have them eat healthily and play safely, thanks to the indoor play area designated for children.	statement	db
We can always rely on the staff to help us carry the chairs, trays, etc when our hands are full with the kids.	statement	db
Plus for the most part, I didn't want a dining experience and preferred to pick what I wanted and to sit down.	statement	db
From there, you decide what you want to eat, drink and how much you want.	statement	db
When you add things to your tray, you hand the worker behind each counter your card which keeps tabs of what you'll be consuming.	statement	db
Beautifully decorated and it's a WOW, everything must try when i get to the restaurant.	statement	db
Always in long queue when u head into Marche.	statement	db
Their soups and pasta are delicious as well.. and their crepes.. mmm.. do give Marche a go when you want something a little bit unique.	statement	db
Overall, I did enjoy my food, but kind of expected something better than what I was given.	statement	db
You pay hell a lot more than what you will be eating if you lose it.	statement	db
I've always been a fan of marche  and I was quite sad when the heeren outlet closed down.	statement	db
Everything is presented well, you can choose what you want and then give your card to the person serving at that station to add to your bill.	statement	db
It is actually quite like a cooler version of a food court where you are given a card to pay for food from the various stalls and then you settle the bill in your card before you leave.	statement	db
I remember visiting Marche often as a kid when it first started out in Heeren.	statement	db
Located where you have a steady breeze.	statement	db
Hospoda is a ""chill"" microbrewery located in what I can best describe as a mini Chijmes.	statement	db
That's where the accolades end.	statement	db
This was what ruined every other char kway teow for me.	statement	db
I would def call and get takeout if this place was walking distance from where I lived or something.	statement	db
The fragrance when the dish is being prepared, the explosion of flavor when the first bite hits your mouth.	statement	db
And if you need a char kway teow, there's no where else except the one at Zion Road.	statement	db
Adjusting where the eggs would be, where the noodles would be, the angle of his stock pot.	statement	db
And then the final moment, when he dons his cap (backwards) and then turns on the light to the stall.	statement	db
It all stems from my youth, when as a horrible child I got up to all sorts of mischief, which resulted in being disciplined (on the knuckles initially), by my mother - using a long wooden spoon.	statement	db
What I really loved seeing, when it was finally my time to order, was a photo of the cook/owner stuck alongside his grill.	statement	db
The pork lard crackling is an element I have never had before and it is exceptional, when you bite into one of those crunchy croutons of bacon-ness you are transported to flavour town.They also use a much darker thicker sauce, and the lap cheong whilst prevalent is diced much smaller than I'm used to - in such a way that it incorporates into the dish and is not something you identify separately - which is a key difference because it really rounds out the flavours.	statement	db
I loved this dish it was so flavourful and it is easy to see why it is considered one of Singapore's best exponents of CKT.	statement	db
just ok, not sure why the hype steaming about it Definitely not the best in Singapore, try http://ieatishootipost.sg/meng-kee-char-kway-teow-a-char-kway-teow-thats-worth-the-calories/	statement	db
If thats what you're looking to avoid.	statement	db
OMG when the noodles arrived I dugged right in.	statement	db
I'm unsure if you know what I mean.	statement	db
Which is why Kokomama offers pastries, cakes and even bread.	statement	db
It's quite hard to decide what exactly does this cafe cater to.	statement	db
It's no wonder the folks here are not overweight; the portions are super small to what I'm used to.	statement	db
Chicken and Rice is what they're obviously famous for.	statement	db
The only challenge is getting to this mall, it depends on where you're staying.	statement	db
I came here twice on my last visit to the island nation, thanks to a rec from a foodie Singaporean who claimed this place had the best chicken rice in the land.	statement	db
Very crowded at lunch as it seems popular with those who work nearby.	statement	db
The chicken itself was melt-in-your-mouth delicious, the rice full of oily flavor; all incredibly delicious when topped with thick soy sauce and chili.	statement	db
You have the option of getting steamed or roasted, but steamed is traditional, so that's what we went with.	statement	db
The chicken rice stall on the 5th floor of Far East Plaza is a hidden gem ;)  Highly popular among locals and people who work around the area, the stall is always full even during non-peak (lunchtime) hours.	statement	db
I always brought him my family and friends to try this place when they visited me in Singapore.. Hidden gem indeed !!	statement	db
This is probably not going to be the tastiest chicken rice but that's exactly what I like about it.	statement	db
They are famous for their lunch time queues - so that's why I prefer going during dinner.	statement	db
i don't even really recall what was in it, but i think it had some veggies and spare ribs.	statement	db
I think that important first step to being warm and friendly to non-Japanese customers mean that a good relationship can be established, one in which Sato-san is able to offer what each customer likes.	statement	db
It was less stuffy and formal than Shinji, and with a good rapport established, you could get to eat what you really like.	statement	db
They will show you the torso of the actual tuna fish where they slice the chutoro and otoro from and you will get to try what I believe was a live octopus tentacle.	statement	db
But other than these two, Hashida to me is like Shinji at Raffles Hotel where there wasn't anything spectacular or memorable to look back on and the price you are spending (you can request your budget between 300-500 SGD per person) doesn't equate to a better meal.	statement	db
All of the fish was common in what you can get anywhere else and the fish didn't necessarily taste a whole lot better.	statement	db
sashimi platter with fresh wasabi 2) Steamed live abalone, steamed kinki fish platter  At this point I requested only sushi to be prepared as that was what I was expecting to be served.	statement	db
One thing to know about me before reading further is that I love my Japanese food and am NOT so much of a food nazi when it comes to Japanese food.	statement	db
Don't get me wrong, I love how friendly the chefs are, and how they are more than happy to explain the dishes that come out, the kimono servers who were cheerful and helpful in helping you make menu decisions and their excellent knowledge of sake for my food pairing.	statement	db
Save from flying to Japan, there are only a handful of Japanese sushi restaurants here that serve up sushi like what you get in Japan.	statement	db
We were served by Chef Tomoo who also informed us that Chef Aoki (of Aoki) and Chef of Shinji has also recently dined here.	statement	db
Chef Tomoo is also very informative about the source of their seafood and love to share his knowledge of the where, why and how of fish origins.	statement	db
this rarity is further rarified by a desire to educate you on what you are eating, explaining piece by piece, dish by dish the who, what, where, when, why and how.	statement	db
no such celebrity attitude as, just take what i make, eat it and love it.	statement	db
they serve you what you like, how you like it but all within the reasonable boundaries in line with their tradition.	statement	db
we only wanted sashimi and sushi and that is what they served us, omakase style.	statement	db
To be honest, I've resigned myself to not taking photos and keeping track of courses when it comes to omakase experiences because I get so lost amongst the items, so overwhelmed by the excellence of everything.	statement	db
There was one hiccup in service, where we weren't give the small wet towels you expect to eat sushi by hand.	statement	db
I wish Chef Hatch used a heavier hand with the wasabi, but I guess it's hard to communicate/observe preferences when your customers are in the midst of business discussions, so it's not a big deal for .	statement	db
We were attended to promptly when we had requests, but the waitress forgot to introduce our dishes at least once and when she did introduce them, she forgot some of the names and said things like ""err something like shellfish one"".	statement	db
Service was very slow when we walked in, But the chili was to die for!	statement	db
If you know what to expect from a Chili's and want to have it, then you should not be disappointed by this location.	statement	db
Perhaps it's just remembering the good old days in college, hanging out at Chili's where my friends worked, milking the free refills and bottomless chips and occasional free dessert.	statement	db
We were sitting at these tall tables at the back where the air condition is very cold so we shifted our tables.	statement	db
It's a nice change of pace when you're sick of eating the same thing from the area around the office everryyyyday.	statement	db
The worst thing that happened during dinner was that our friend got her meal when we were all done.	statement	db
Well you kinda know what you are in for, however, I found the service was lackadaisical and the food was prepared and tasted like it was uncared for too.	statement	db
I found this place a bit intimidating when we first moved because I was going to have to order at the counter and try to pronounce some of the names of these dishes, but have no fear--pointing seems to work just fine for me!	statement	db
I second what Yelper Lyna Y. wrote - everything I ordered was on the salty side.	statement	db
I didn't know what beef rendang was before stumbling upon this place.	statement	db
I don't eat the other stuff behind the glass, but when I've waited in line, people have told me that the other dishes (you can choose a variety, all for the same price) are good.	statement	db
But the food is really what is so stellar about this place.	statement	db
I've been told by a taxi uncle that the curry puffs are why people drive halfway across the island to Selera, but personally they are a bit too spicy for me.	statement	db
Have walked away empty handed a couple of times when I just couldn't get served which is a bit of a waste of time	statement	db
For those of you who like cheap sushi like sushi express and nihon mura but are sick of the selections that they have, you can try Itacho Sushi.	statement	db
Look through the menu and write down on the paper what you would like, and call for a waitress.	statement	db
Not a bad dish to order for those who love fish heads.	statement	db
It was crispy and when dipped in the mayonaise mix they provided.	statement	db
Again, very different from what you would get at Nihon Mura or Sushi Express and instead ofr $1.50.	statement	db
A regular dinner place for me and a friend who loves Japanese food.	statement	db
Good value sushi and sashimi and I actually prefer this to sushi tei which is becoming super overpriced for what it's worth.	statement	db
You've to give your hp number and the system will sms you when your table is ready.	statement	db
Unfortunately there was no one manning the counter for a while and when the maître 'd finally showed she did a poor job of explaining the fact that the tables were full while counter seats were available so group in front of us were unhappy.	statement	db
Just that if you are looking for a quiet place to go, Hog's Breath is anything but quiet.. but that was why the boyfriend and I loved it.	statement	db
It is a great place for big groups as well as we saw the waitress preparing a table for 8 on the spot... so yeaps, do give Hog's Breath a try when you are looking for a nice place to go with your friends at the last minute in CHIJMES.	statement	db
A far cry from the first time I went when it opened.	statement	db
We were lucky and a table was just leaving when we arrived, so no long queue!	statement	db
I have to say the chili sauce and the ginger is what makes this a great plate of food.	statement	db
The rice could be better but is good enough for me especially when you put everything together in one mouthful.	statement	db
Even when you come in a small group (2 or 3 people), be prepared to share a table with strangers.	statement	db
Next time I visit this restaurant, my plan is to order an extra venison to go so I can lick the plate when I am done.	statement	db
If there were some alternate universe where all there was to eat was chicken rice, I think I'd be okay with that.	statement	db
The other half is made by the customers raising their voices trying to be heard by their friends and colleagues who are just across their table.	statement	db
It's almost as difficult in trying to get a consensus when asking Chicagoans where to find the best deep dish pizza in the city.	statement	db
a whole roast chicken is what i would order and devour.	statement	db
As I said in my previous Wee Nam Kee review (for the old location), I like to get the quarter chicken + rice (instead of the standard plate of 'chicken rice') when I eat there for some extra chicken.	statement	db
Wee Nam Kee is the one chicken rice place that, when I say it's one of my faves, the locals tend to agree with me, or at least give a slight nod of approval (as opposed to a judge-y look and an emphatic HOW I KNOW YOU.)	statement	db
Just when you think Singapore does not have that much new to offer it surprises you.	statement	db
We just tried the beer which had Heineken on draft and some Indian snacks were put on the table and replenished when empty.	statement	db
Banh mi is an amazing sandwich... Now I have had my fair share of sandwiches and growing up in New Zealand I have eaten them from breakfast to dinner   But when you have bahn mi, you get to taste a lot more than just mayo and pickles.	statement	db
This place has them, they're run by Vietnamese people and the place is quite at first but then gets lively when that 10 am hits as Singapore starts their day around then.	statement	db
It's amazing what spice can do to a dish and this place has it.	statement	db
Don't be misled by the size of the bowl, it looks huge but when I saw the portion of the noodles, I was disappointed and left shaking my head especially to my friend who was as bewildered as me.	statement	db
Not sure what to expect but everyone knows how hard it is to find good Vietnamese food in Singapore.	statement	db
Was a bit chaotic at the entrance while customers who are there for the first time, aren't sure if they should order and pay before being seated or after as the queue to be seated, leads straight to the cashier.	statement	db
The restaurant looked small where compared some of the well known hotel buffet restaurants in Singapore, but the place was decorated elegantly decorated with comfortable seating arrangement.	statement	db
The restaurant was quite busy and space is kinda tight when I was there for dinner on a Saturday evening.	statement	db
To my horror, I found a dead insect in it when I was halfway thru.	statement	db
Beautifully done when requested for a medium steak.	statement	db
The bread was toasty and sauce it was drizzled with was just what I was craving after a day of fasting.	statement	db
The poor excuse for what they called ""nachos"" was kind of embarrassing...	statement	db
I must have first tried it many years ago when I joined a food tour with Makansutra and this was one of the stops.	statement	db
I re-discovered this a few years back when I came to this area for Zumba classes, and have been back a few times when I have craving for Indian Rojak.	statement	db
Now I know why this dish would be filed under the ""once in a while"" section.	statement	db
The Ramly burger is probably my fave, but as far as the other dishes I feel like the food is: ""nice try but try again...""  But overall this is one of my goto rooftop bar's and I have been back several times so when in doubt between 3 and 4 stars, I decided to give them 4 stars cause I think the concept is great, it is decently priced and just because I like it there!	statement	db
Also, when I think about this bar, I cannot help it but  sing in my head: ""the loof, the loof, the loof is on fire!!""	statement	db
The atmosphere was hopping with music cranked and patrons enjoying what appeared to be a game of beer pong.	statement	db
But the reason why Loof deserves five stars is this -- their happy hour deals on house wines and house pours.	statement	db
The waiters can't seem to keep track of payments and went around asking who was it that just gave them a credit card for payment in order to return the card.	statement	db
Great location, cold beer and wonderful bar food The chilli crab dip is the best I've had and the other food items were also pretty good A novel approach to happy hour where the drinks go up $1 on the hour.	statement	db
Including 'hot as shit' chicks wings..  For entertainment they have a 'beer pong' table, and that's where the real fun begins...	statement	db
Loof is great for one reason and one reason only: Beirut in less classy circles, this would be referred to as Beer Pong, but all of us Ivy boys know what the true name is and will always be.	statement	db
Loof is one of the few places in Singapore where you can play this game.	statement	db
the drinks are nothing to write home about, as stated, Beirut is the only reason why Loof deserves a visit.	statement	db
Drinks wise its ok and I can't say much about the view as its blocked by buildings higher than where the Loof was situated.	statement	db
The newly renovated rooftop bar atop Odeon Towers has been hosting events since its inception, ranging from more high-profile ones such as the Giles Peterson events, and more recently, Tete-a-Tete which is an event where people get together and converse in foreign languages.	statement	db
Drinks - Gummiberry (definitely a must try for ladies who love meringue).	statement	db
Ambiance - It's a outdoor bar so it's pretty nice to when the weather isn't too hot or if it's not raining.	statement	db
Several of us asked where the small event was being held.	statement	db
We were directed to what looked like a small table with one tiny box of vinyl with about 3 local artists featured along with some Loof logo wear.	statement	db
Loof attracts a working crowd who is not afraid to get down to party.	statement	db
Run by a group of aunties who are always cheerful and efficient.	statement	db
It took my inquiry for them to find out what had happened when all other tables had their main courses served and completed.	statement	db
By then the night had dragged on too long for my young children and what was supposed to be a birthday celebration for my brother turned out to be an abrupt end without desserts nor cake.	statement	db
I also don't understand why they charge for ice tap water and why they don't refill it.	statement	db
I always eat here when I'm in Singapore.	statement	db
Their specialty, the 8 flavors of xiao long bao, is what I always get.	statement	db
I don't know when I became such a snob.	statement	db
It's a cheap place so I can see why it's popular.	statement	db
FYI, if you don't want to be charged for the wet napkin and the appetizer, then tell them when you are seated.	statement	db
I think that cold pork or meat of any type loses some of its flavor when served cold.	statement	db
Ok you may ask, why is Paradise Dynasty Xiao Long Bao better than Din Tai Fung considering that the New York Times named DTF among the top 10 restaurants in the world.	statement	db
If it's your first time, or you just can't decide what to order, you can try their sampler of 8 flavours and go from there.	statement	db
Luckily, our wait wasn't long when we went, but after reading the other reviews I can definitely see long queues here for dinner.	statement	db
This was my first stop for food when I arrived at Singapore.	statement	db
Not just any dumplings, but this place has a huge variety of different type of dumplings that you can't really find any where else, at least not in the states.	statement	db
Not too oily and still sweet   Shrimp fried rice- This was so good, i don't know what it was, it wasn't too oily and i did enjoy how in each scoop and bite had a good amount of rice, veggies and shrimp.	statement	db
I think when eating here, if you start out with the foie gras and black truffle dumplings it changes the taste and mood for your other dishes.	statement	db
If you ask me where to have the best xiao long bao in Singapore, I'd definitely say Paradise Dynasty!	statement	db
We did have to remind the waiters when our desserts were never presented, the kitchen must of forgot.	statement	db
We sat a table where we could see the chefs make the noodles and dumplings.	statement	db
I don't know whether the person serve me is new or what but totally a disgrace.	statement	db
I expected a full room, but when we entered, it was barely 25% occupied.	statement	db
OK, they were great at refilling tea, but when it came to orders it was really strange that the servers struggled with a half empty room.	statement	db
A peasant surprise comes at the end when you're walking up to the cashier and you're startled how that much food was so little $ per person.	statement	db
Manager who is at the register tried short changing me $17 on $22 ticket All she says is so sorry	statement	db
Decide what you like and order more of those!	statement	db
I had a great time trying each of the 8 different flavors of Shanghai dumplings: ginseng, cheese, foie gras, szechuan pepper, truffle, classic, garlic  Also had the chicken la mian; it was a little bland (I was sharing with a friend who didn't like spicy food; sigh) but good quality.	statement	db
Sometimes you need to be aggressive when ordering.	statement	db
Throw a hand up and what not.	statement	db
The resto won't seat you unless your whole party is there, so make sure you all show up when your number gets called!	statement	db
This was compounded by the fact that they were very determined to close up and literally burnt my mouth trying to hurry to eat what I waited 40 minutes for past the rest of my order.	statement	db
A little different from what you get from the Japanese ramen stores, but the broth used is definitely not losing out.	statement	db
I prefer popping by around 3pm in the afternoon for a tea time snack - where I immediately go for the set of 8 Xiao Long Baos that all come in different flavours.	statement	db
Paradise Dynasty is my other go-to place for xiao long baos when I'm in Orchard if I don't feel like going to Din Tai Fung.	statement	db
This is the only thing that I order when I come here.	statement	db
the food wasn't too bad actually, and was pretty much what you'd expect - marinated meats, lots of ban chan - those small plates of appetisers korean places dish out, but nothing really stood out for me.	statement	db
The noodles themselves were bouncy and gave a nice bite and the sauce was good and the pork was crunchy but... not my favorite when put together especially after the attention they gave that soup.	statement	db
their braised beef brisket and tendon is also what i would come here for.	statement	db
do also check your bill for the number of pickles or towels or tea that they add, which may not reflect what you actually get.	statement	db
I wouldn't take a first date or celebrate my anniversary here, but I'll certainly be back for their delectable sushi and good service, at a price tag that doesn't involve cringing when you see the bill.	statement	db
The salmon is torched so this dish is suitable for diners who are not into raw food.	statement	db
There is a promotion where you get 3 rolls for the price of 2, and my companion, by some oversight, ordered the prawn, soft shell crab, and salmon rolls, which all happened to be aburi-ed.	statement	db
Prices here are very reasonable for what they are.	statement	db
The word ""Sushi"" was an immediately 'Yes' when she suggested having our dinner there, no regrets at all.	statement	db
When my meal was served, my eyes ""popped"" out when I saw the portion of the meat, it's probably the most generous portion I come across in Singapore so far.	statement	db
A little pricey for what i have ordered fortunately overall taste was rather good.	statement	db
Ambience is what you would expect at sakei sushi.	statement	db
The Sushi Bar is tucked into a little corner of Orchard Road at Far East Plaza and if you don't already know about it, you might just walk past it wondering why is the queue so long.	statement	db
I understand why the queues here are out of control.	statement	db
However, when the chirashis were delivered, they immediately stole the show.	statement	db
I still wouldn't wait more than 30 minutes in the queue for this place, but I will no longer judge those who are willing to do so!	statement	db
Queued for about 10 mins when I arrived there at 2pm.	statement	db
There is always a long line when I go, and then I'm very thankful for having made a reservation.	statement	db
So I can understand when things like water/tea doesn't get filled up.	statement	db
It was my first introduction to what is known as ""Hawker stands"".	statement	db
Later when I was introduced to the better hawker stands, I realized how much I been ripped off by Newton.	statement	db
My friends told me that Newton is frequented by tourists which was the exact opposite from what the taxi driver told me.	statement	db
It's good to take a quick walk around the food center and see all the food stalls before deciding what to order.	statement	db
Perhaps unfair to all the good places here but I just find myself annoyed when I go here.	statement	db
This is a really good starter hawker center for people who are new to Singapore/the hawker center life.	statement	db
I recently brought some friends from the states who had never been to Asia here.	statement	db
One big tip: they sometimes try to rip you off and you can get sticker shock when the bill comes.	statement	db
This ensures you're keeping track of what you're spending.	statement	db
The touters get commission based on what they sell to you.	statement	db
It was slightly sweet and for someone like me who doesn't eat spicy.	statement	db
Some sotong and egg is what you get with the prawn mee, no three-layer pork meat either.	statement	db
I've had BBQ chicken wings dripping with oil and that's usually the reason why I avoid them.	statement	db
Well, I simply could not get enough of these food halls, so when I got off the MRT station at Newton to visit a street named after my namesake, I knew I had to go and check this place out.	statement	db
Well, when I was here it was still reasonably early on a Monday morning, so most of the shops were closed, but there were still enough for me to partake in some of the offerings.	statement	db
Hawker food is a specialty that one has to try when coming to Singapore.	statement	db
If not, you may want to try another hawker where the vendors are less aggressive and there is more food variety.	statement	db
from the seafood stalls (usually) targeting and annoying the diners who may just want to browse first before deciding on what to order.	statement	db
So in the wee hours of the morning, at least one stall will be open (the bak chor mee stall facing the car park is open 24 hours) to serve customers who need sustenance before their trip to Malaysia or heading to work.	statement	db
Pricing is ok too, when compared to Orchard area.	statement	db
I don't understand why this place has such a low rating.	statement	db
This place was just what I needed.	statement	db
I guess you can go up to the individual shacks and order, but why go through all that trouble.	statement	db
i thought it was a bit expensive for what we got but the food was pretty good.	statement	db
The vendors approaching us constantly (even when we already had our food ordered) was a minor inconvenience, but again, NYC has trained me well in ignoring people so I didn't mind it too much.	statement	db
This is a good night out for visiting friends who want something a bit different than MBS and it's scene.	statement	db
I did a yelp to see what restaurants were nearby.	statement	db
Now this is what hawking food is all about.	statement	db
We ordered and he asked what table number are we at.	statement	db
What I noticed later about most food courts including this one is that there are sinks where you can wash your hands before and after you eat.	statement	db
I was really hesitant at first, because the vendors were really pushy, and the place looked a bit run-down and dirty, but we settled on a guy who waved a wriggly crab at us.	statement	db
There is something to be said for seafood that is still alive when you order it.	statement	db
Not sure if it's just what the taste is like, or because I didn't add milk / sugar.	statement	db
At the end of eating her meal, the guy who tricked my wife, tells us the bill is $130 Singapore dollars!!	statement	db
Tourists, please be careful when coming here!	statement	db
Really great place to get a meal, particularly in the evening when the heat is not oppressive.	statement	db
Yes, I know that's what they get paid to do, but that doesn't make it any less irritating to be hassled as you walk by every single store.	statement	db
But clearly no one else is in love with this place so maybe it's just because I'm a white girl from California and it was one of my first meals in Singapore, or maybe it's because my friends who took me here who are from Singapore handled all of the ordering for us so it wasn't as overwhelming as others say.	statement	db
I would highly recommend this spot if you're with people who know what to order from which stall!	statement	db
Also the ambiance was fun at night when we went.	statement	db
Cheng teng ( a type of Chinese desert where there is shaved ice which melts with the other ingredients) from the front left first store, satay from the middle row - Bee Heng, and hokkien prawn noodles from the middle front row - Kwang Huat.	statement	db
I'm not sure what time they open for lunch.	statement	db
I have no idea what the communication was, but the food was all great.	statement	db
Black and white carrot cakes Stingray salted (but actually sweet) fried calamari chili crab bansal something (forgot the name, it was the spicy version) chicken wings shell fish where you pull out the inside with a bamboo stick fried rice sataay (chiken, pork, beef) etc etc etc  We also had coconut drink (the actual coconut the size of my face) and sugar cane drink.	statement	db
It looks clean and well maintained, even when we visited late at night (actually early in the morning).	statement	db
I'd recommend this place to friends who are visiting Singapore.	statement	db
Chances are, you'll like what you get, and will want to return for more.	statement	db
It was late at night, and I was tired and hungry, and using what was left of my energy to explain the different hawker foods to a friend from overseas that I was showing around.	statement	db
It is probably about 20% to 50% more than what the food would usually cost in an average hawker centre.	statement	db
The stingray is delicious, much more meaty than another place I used to go near the Hilton hotel where I normally stay.	statement	db
I'll take a moment to reiterate what the earlier reviews have said - prices here are not of the typical hawker centre - and most of the stalls hardly have the quality of, let's say, Ghim Moh Hawker Centre or Tiong Bahru Hawker, and it annoys me that they use styrofoam plates and disposable chopsticks for meals here.	statement	db
Just walk around and get what looks good to you.	statement	db
For lack of better options, it's the place that I bring my tourist friends to eat at when they're in town.	statement	db
Seafood at Newton can be expensive if you're not careful about what you order - but there are some gems in the centre.	statement	db
Other must tries include a really yummy Hokkien Mee (again, not sure where it is exactly, but the store does have a few newspaper cuttings in front of it).	statement	db
Here's what we got: -Chilly crab -Pepper crab -Chicken and rice -Pork liver -Mussels and eggs  The chilly crab and the liver were my favorites!	statement	db
in fact if you have not make your mind up, you will be walking around for at least 30 minutes deciding what to eat.	statement	db
Must try when in Singapore.	statement	db
The stall can be recognized by the music playing out of the boombox, and the auntie who takes orders very quickly.	statement	db
I didn't know what to get so I conducted a small experiment.	statement	db
and I had absolutely no idea what to get.	statement	db
So you do need to know where to go.	statement	db
There are many varieties of porridge available and it does see a steady stream of customer who usually get it to go.	statement	db
She even shouted at her mom who do the finishing touches before handing the food to the customers.	statement	db
This food centre seems a bit out of the way which is good because it wasn't too crowded on a Friday afternoon but bad because I need that crowd to know where to go.	statement	db
I feel so helpless if there are no lines of any sort to help me make the very important decision about what to eat.	statement	db
I used to come here a lot when I was in Secondary school.	statement	db
The noodles are quite delicious when eaten hot, and the 'hum'/ cockle just rounds off the taste.	statement	db
But no matter what local craving you have, this is the place to go to satisfy it!	statement	db
I wish there were a few Indian options, but what is here is pretty good.	statement	db
I had the unfortunate experience when I made sure that they were open, but they were sold out by the time I got there!	statement	db
IMO the best in Singapore, where the noodles is very eggy and it's cooked like an al dente pasta.	statement	db
* My favourite hawker centre *  When in Singapore I'm in hole in the wall heaven with all of the amazing inexpensive hawker centres.	statement	db
A must go when visiting Singapore!	statement	db
I absolutely loved the vibe of the place, which is where you can go to see how the locals eat.	statement	db
My two female colleagues baulked when they saw me approaching the table with 2 plates of $3 noodles (this, as recommended by an uncle standing in line in front of me when I asked for a $5 plate- he convinced me that 2 $3 plates was more worth it - I guess it's true!	statement	db
The only downside about eating at a food centre like this with so many all-stars: I can't think of any other food centre where you have to queue so much, no matter what you are ordering!	statement	db
Easy to get to, Dakota/Mountbatten MRT, 20 minute bus ride from the city... envious of people who live in the vicinity and get to have all these local delicacies in their disposal till late in the night...	statement	db
Old Airport Road Food Centre is where I bring my friends from overseas for a taste of local food.	statement	db
The hokkien mee in the 3rd row, can't remember what it is called exactly, is absolutely divine!	statement	db
However this is when group work comes in.	statement	db
If you are unsure of what to eat, just join the stall with a queue and you can't be wrong.	statement	db
The summer rolls were stuffed with more vermicelli, what I'm assuming is Thai basil, prawn, and pork.	statement	db
You see it when you interact with the servers, as even though some of them speak little English, they smile anyway and want you to have a good time.	statement	db
However, please put your desires for a posh/fancy establishment behind you when coming this eating joint.	statement	db
The patrons who eat there are true Singapore foodies looking for a great meal at an affordable price.	statement	db
I guess that's why the food is so good.	statement	db
For those who love the Vietnamese Spring Rolls, this is THE dish to have.	statement	db
The prawn noodles on the other hand, was what a Pho should be.	statement	db
Once upon a thyme, a little (ok not so little) girl who was extremely hungry, roamed around in the mall & cant decide what to eat.	statement	db
There are some uncomfortable side seats where you face their busy work area & the table makes my legs awkward.	statement	db
Be forewarned, there is no where nearby to sit.	statement	db
Food ordering is techy, head up to the tablets and tap what you need for the day!	statement	db
I was really excited about my burger prospects when I placed my takeaway order and was drooling watching someone eat their burger and fries while I waited for mine to be done.	statement	db
Other customers are challenged with ipad app and understanding what a burger is and what they want on it - probably not the place to go to debate whether you should get cheddar cheese or provolone.	statement	db
as justin b. noticed, you know that you're in a nice restaurant when its the kind of place that folds your napkin for you when you get up to use the restroom haha.	statement	db
Afterwards we were presented the wine menu which was extremely French heavy and what I thought was a very expensive list.	statement	db
Now to what I know most of you care about shoe repair--food!	statement	db
Being a more 'average joe' when it comes to cuisine, I was timid about coming to a restaurant like this, expecting it to be outside my realm of appreciation.	statement	db
and just when you thought you have seen it all, another humble vegetable, a favourite of jason's is presented for you to eat in 4 ways!	statement	db
having said that, consistency is of the essence when it comes to dishing out michelin stars.	statement	db
and the fifth from me will be awarded when consistency is achieved.	statement	db
A 3-course is priced at $38++ while you may go for a Luncheon Discovery menu which offers a 5-course at $88++ when you have a more generous lunch hour.	statement	db
That's the whole service I give honor to as I care extensively about what I eat and how they flavored my dining exposure.	statement	db
Not overly nectarous when accompanied by a bed of Morello cherry compote.	statement	db
The only thing that might do with improvement was what seemed to me the overuse of mousse-type sauces and creams.	statement	db
We met Chef Tan who came to see how we liked the meal.	statement	db
Spize is semi-modern with an open front to the shop, air conditioning and for those who love prata it's very own prata station.	statement	db
Came here on a Tuesday night at around 9pm after having no clue on what to eat and affordable pricing as another factor.	statement	db
Ordered mee Bandung after wondering what it is.	statement	db
It was not thick nor runny so it was perfect with the yellow egg noodle when combined.	statement	db
Right way to end my late meal :)  Mango selaseh was quite good to especially when eating mee Bandung (Perspired a lot).	statement	db
It's what I hope to get at a hawker stall but never had.	statement	db
Wonder what the prophet has to think about that, although if I had to venture a guess, I'd probably conclude that he isn't a big fan of godless heathens and their drunchies (drunk munchies).	statement	db
Anyway, to wit...  What we three had: -  25 sticks of chicken satay -  Nasi Lemak -  Mutton Murtabak -  An assortment of fresh and exotic juices  Everything was generally tasty, well prepared and came out quickly, which I'm sure is an essential component to keeping drunk and rowdy patrons in check.	statement	db
Can't beat this place when you have late night munchies from being out all night.	statement	db
The most extensive range of late night food you could probably ever find, and when you're tipsy, or tired, or happy, the food will still taste great no matter what.	statement	db
Here are a couple of the dishes I have tried which are mention worthy and some you should definitely try when visiting Spize.	statement	db
There's a reason why there's more than one type.	statement	db
Also fantastic for drunk people watching at 4 am in the morning when you are hungry and cannot go to bed.	statement	db
Their only downside, when it gets crowded, be sure to expect that orders will slip through the cracks, and you may end up waiting for some time before those truffle fries finally arrive at your table.	statement	db
The 'go to' on River Valley road when you are shitfaced and, just like a good Sharwarma or Doner, the Roti Prata is going down.	statement	db
Due back here soon and I cannot wait and for those of you who doubt the quality.... try it sober.	statement	db
It helps then that they have a wide range of options, so no matter what drunk-munchy craving you have, they've got something that'll probably hit the spot.	statement	db
i don't even know what this food tastes like while sober, but if i'm to trust drunken me, which i do (he has excellent taste), then this place needs a michelin star (jk).	statement	db
but what spize giveth, spize taketh.	statement	db
That being said, Spize is an absolute post-clubbing institution and there are few better places when hammered.	statement	db
And it's a great niche to cover because, let's face it, when you're drunk you could probably pick up a yoghurt-lid slathered in bird shit off the ground and devour it as if it were three-star Michelin fare.	statement	db
I don't care that there are other late night options in Singapore, such as Geylang and what have you.	statement	db
Service is average -- and orders can slip when they are full.	statement	db
Having been a service trainer for years past, seeing staff faces frown when I asked simply for an extra cup is appalling.	statement	db
I don't think Spize is just known for being the ultimate supper joint for party goers who frequent zouk.	statement	db
But sometimes getting a seat in the evenings here can be quite a challenge and the staff is not that attentive because they have to take care of a big area but all's good when my food and drinks are served.	statement	db
Parking around here is a real pain when you've got the post-party crowd in.	statement	db
Spize is one of our default places for supper after a night out or just when we're really hungry after midnight and most other places are shut.	statement	db
But when push comes to shove, I suppose anything would do at 4am in the morning.	statement	db
Spize is where you go for a post-party chow down.	statement	db
I think the quality of your review depends on how drunk you were when eating here.	statement	db
The fois nigiri is simply my favorite bite of food at Uchi, and perhaps in the world, so when I saw fois donburi on the menu at the Fat Cow I knew where I was going to eat.	statement	db
The place was pretty packed when we went at 1300hrs for lunch, and because we didn't make reservations, we were asked to come back at 1400hrs (SO, DO CALL IN BEFORE DROPPING BY!).	statement	db
Let's just say that I experience heaven when I first ate the wagyu don.	statement	db
Well... you get EXACTLY what you pay for -  you can order a whole steak... with a side of that delicious japanese rice with egg or you can spend 35 -40ish with cubed wagyu with rice and an egg in a claypot.	statement	db
Those who have that extra free time or don't have to work like the rest of us, well don't say I didn't mention it!	statement	db
For those of you who wonder what the heck is Zosui, well, according to an encyclopedia, Zōsui is a Japanese rice soup made from pre-cooked rice and water.	statement	db
I ate my Donburi as I fast can, which was good, but no where near the quality of the Wagyu dish sitting across from me.	statement	db
As soon as I was done, I ordered exactly what my wife ordered and I had no regrets!	statement	db
Thanks being said, when I see a restaurant serving two of my top 5 favorite proteins, I'm on a mission to clog my arteries.	statement	db
Unfortunately, I can't remember what she thought of this cocktail.	statement	db
The first time it was served, it wasn't what I expected.	statement	db
I had asked for rare, and dark chunks of over-cooked beef and foie gras (meagre serving) was just not what I had hoped for.	statement	db
Overall much to expensive for what you get.	statement	db
According to the chef in Barcelona, that is the best part of the prawn and the reason why gamba carabineros are so highly prized.	statement	db
Holy Fat Cow, what a mindblowing experience!	statement	db
Way overpriced for what you get, service is terrible and the place will be closed in less than a year.	statement	db
The waiter explains that the beef is priced per 100grams, but you have to pay for a minimum of 200 grams, and the chef weighs the piece that they have, so you have no idea what it is going to cost.	statement	db
Majorly annoying when you are trying to enjoy yourself with friends.	statement	db
The fella who has gotten the last piece, must be gloating now.	statement	db
Recalling what I had on my last two visits, I chose an array of sweet bread which tasted almost new to me.	statement	db
Snaking queues are a common sight in the day so the best time to go and try it would be in the evening, as I found out when I visited.	statement	db
Service is brisk and the staff are well-informed on the various types of bread on offer and can advice you on just what you require.	statement	db
Pricewise, I was pretty amazed that for such high quality breads, what you're paying for is downright cheap and inexpensive.	statement	db
They have a small cafe where you can dine in and have coffee as well.	statement	db
I usually get a Chicken drumstick, two servings of rice (I'm Filipino what do you expect) and a triangular shaped egg.	statement	db
The ngo hiang is not the best out there, but it's a great side dish to share among when you are there.	statement	db
Its very common for shops to have names when they're nowhere near the supposed location and Jalan Sultan Prawn Mee is one of them.	statement	db
Introduced by a friend who found out I enjoyed everything prawn related, the stall is conveniently located near Kallang MRT and is just a short 3min walk away.	statement	db
Unfortunately they do not serve any filter coffees but the coffee is what saves them from a 2 in rating as a place with this quality of coffee deserves a 3.	statement	db
Second time there and I don't understand why it gets so crowded.	statement	db
Coffee is par for the course where 3rd wave is concerned - $4 - $6 depending on how much milk and water you want to desecrate your coffee with.	statement	db
While the coffee is nicely balanced, it isn't THE best I've had so far, but, it's a good cuppa for those who don't want an overly strong or potent coffee.	statement	db
For me, a cafe should be a place where you can sit and relax and chat with friends and not bother about when to leave.	statement	db
Bought a chocolate walnut orange Scookie (supposedly a mutant of scone + cookie) and I guess I like what I tasted.	statement	db
Singapore's take on hipster coffee is about what you'd expect.	statement	db
My particular favorite are the bacon, sausages and the fluffy eggs, which is how I like it when scrambled.	statement	db
Similarly, if you go to the spa, the receptionists will hassle you about topping up your package ( even when I had close to $800 left) .	statement	db
I would come back on a lazy afternoon when there is less crowd and I can sit for a cup of coffee and read a book.	statement	db
You know what to have with for a complete enjoyment.	statement	db
So when I went to this cafe for the first time, it brought back some good memories.	statement	db
Anyways, was introduced this place by Q (he is my trusty source of makan joints and whatnot), and we actually went there on the 3rd day of CNY, but it was closed when we got there.	statement	db
There is nothing to complain about their coffee, though the second time when I went, I thought the acidic aftertaste of my cappuccino was a wee bit strong.	statement	db
Been here twice, and have heard friends' reviews - lukewarm, but this place used to be so much better in 2009/10 when it was the new kid on the block (and not yet owned by a conglomerate, from what I heard).	statement	db
It is a joint venture between Harry Grover and the Spa Esprit group, which explains why the decor is signature Spa Esprit's industrial chic, right down to the murals and roughly hewn stools and tables.	statement	db
As a responsible business, it ensures a direct provenance between the people who grow your beans and you - theoretically, this ensures these farmers receive fair trade for their hard work.	statement	db
I visited 40 Hands when they were hosting an event.	statement	db
(Giving credit where credit is due)   It's located near my workplace (10 minutes at a moderate walking pace) and I've been making trips here for spontaneous dinners after work, or when I have an hour or so to burn.	statement	db
Pizzeria Mozza is still my preferred place when it comes to pizzas in general, but this is a worthy competitor.	statement	db
Al dente penne is served in a tomato-cream sauce with what I thought was a pile of melted cheese on the top (but the menu mentions spinach, chicken and mushrooms).	statement	db
The second time was also good but not as wonderful as the first (I suspect this is why I can't remember what I ate).	statement	db
I wouldn't come back again to a place where customers are made to beg for an additional box which I doubt would be a difference in profit or loss.	statement	db
So when one opened in Tiong Bahru, I was very happy about it.	statement	db
In the words of Jimmy Greaves, ""so near, yet so far"" - a term used when a football player almost scores....	statement	db
Like love, looks just aren't enough and this is when a star falls.	statement	db
I'd died and gone to wino heaven when I saw the beautiful shelves of wine from around the world at very reasonable prices.	statement	db
When I worked out the conversion rate and mark up it seemed cheaper than what I'd get back at home in a restaurant... and there's the trick... P.S isn't exactly a restaurant.	statement	db
The pizzas definite must be eaten hot, and when they are, they're gooey, delicious, and wonderful.	statement	db
I've gone to PS.Cafe Petit more times than I can remember, whether for lunch, or to grab a pizza to bring home, or just for a salad when I'm not inclined to all the local food on offer in the area.	statement	db
This place was great for a late night pizza when we first arrived in Singapore.	statement	db
I ate here a few times during my 2 week stay in Singapore and will eat there again when I return!	statement	db
Staffers are supposed to stand aside/make way for customers when they're walking through, but not here.	statement	db
It's the smokey, crisp and slightly chewy crust is what makes the pizzas from PS.	statement	db
The service can vary when they get busy, but the upside is - there's no service charge.	statement	db
I'd say it was sufficient to satisfy my chicken rice craving for someone who hasnt been home for a year!	statement	db
Don't know what the fuss is about, this place is perennially crowded.	statement	db
This place is open late, and who doesn't like a place that is open late, sure they might not have the best chicken rice but they are open to the whee hours of the night.	statement	db
It is pricier than most places, but when it is 130am and you want some chicken and rice, this place is open.	statement	db
I have no idea why I ever liked coming here for chicken rice, but trust me, from now on, I'm going next door to Five Star.	statement	db
I was surprised yet again when I returned home and opened my box of prawns because there were only 5 pieces of prawns, each no more the length of my little finger, coated with layers of flour.	statement	db
First tip, make sure you refuse the peanuts and pickled veggies when you sit down if you don't want them.	statement	db
The chicken here is more expensive than what you would find at a hawker centre, but it's so worth it!	statement	db
I used to go to the Boon Tong Kee on River Valley Road and get take-out chicken rice late at night because they operate till 4 am and I lived just down River Valley Road when I first moved to Singapore.	statement	db
So last week, when I picked up my family from Changi and we were looking for a lunch place, I decided to go to Boon Tong Kee.	statement	db
We were not sure about what else to order apart from chicken rice and the auntie suggested cereal prawn which is their specialty and so I said ok.	statement	db
So, do be careful when you order and check the prices so you know what you are getting yourself into!	statement	db
Yes, freely mix n match what is on your plate - for an equally delightful result do what you may!	statement	db
whereas the skin on tian tian is good enough to eat on it's own and gets even better when eaten with the meat, the skin here definitely adds to the meat flavor and texture but can not stand on its own.	statement	db
I will definitely return when I am back in Singapore next month!	statement	db
It is not the best chicken rice I have ever had, but it is convenient when I do want some chicken rice in a more comfortable air-conditioned seating area.	statement	db
They don't take reservations so try to arrive when they open at 12nn.	statement	db
Although slightly on the pricey side for seafood dishes (which is why it doesn't get full marks), everything there is very tasty!!!	statement	db
There are people out there who swear by it and contend that it is the best in Singapore.	statement	db
There are also people out there who will scream until they're blue in the face that it's terrible and best avoided.	statement	db
And the spicy veggies (not sure what kind of veggie it was) were fantastic!	statement	db
Well, it is a good snack, crispy when it first came.	statement	db
Thing is, they posted the opening time as 11.30 but it wasn't open when we got there.	statement	db
We did a little shopping at Great World City and the place was already pretty filled when we came back.	statement	db
I've since introduced it to coworkers who have shared their appreciation for Boon Tong Kee.	statement	db
This place was heavily recommended by a friend so expectations where high coming in.	statement	db
Standards have dropped quite a fair bit since I first ate here when I was 17.	statement	db
Not sure why there were so many white/bright lightings in many places in Singapore; my face looked sickly greenish once in a grocery store.	statement	db
Ginza Bairin is definitely for people who love tonkatsu!	statement	db
After making payment at the cashier, one would be given a number tag where food will be served to you at your table.	statement	db
This restaurant is nice when you want to have a quick Tonkatsu meal at a descent price.	statement	db
All you have to do is ask a waiter what you would like and he will bring it to your table.	statement	db
:-)  Restaurant: It's really just a place where you eat and leave.	statement	db
Basically, all the waiters do is serve your meal and clean your table when you leave.	statement	db
The waiters don't bother telling you how it works unless you ask (which is what I did).	statement	db
Definitely worth an occasional visit when I miss authentic Japanese food.	statement	db
It's not the fanciest of places, nor the cheapest of places, but it's a simple no-frills option that I often turn to when I'm stumped on where to eat.	statement	db
it didn't help when the lady got my order wrong.	statement	db
No frills and tasty Katsu was what drew me to their chain in Tokyo and this new outlet in Singapore did not disappoint.	statement	db
I'm not sure what it is about this place that keeps me coming back.	statement	db
I spend around $17 per meal when I get the Croquette Curry Cheese set and an iced green tea.	statement	db
I'm deducting a point for refusing to take my order at 9:50pm when their website says they close at 10:30, and for refusing to serve tap water.	statement	db
Got berated by a service staff when I requested for a second serving of tartar sauce - apparently it is only ethical to put up this request after you have licked up every last bit of the sauce that is on your plate.	statement	db
Left a horrible aftertaste so don't patronise this place if you are one who enjoys your food and would like a little more sauce from time to time.	statement	db
As Yelp suggested when I marked 4 stars, ""Yay!	statement	db
You know it's great authentic Thai food when Thais eat there themselves.	statement	db
Orchard Towers may be a notoriously seedy spot in Singapore but if you are a person who refuses to be deterred by such (over exaggerated) triviality, make you way down for good and affordable Thai fare.	statement	db
We did an early dinner so the people watching wasn't great but we got a glimpse of what it might get like when we were leaving.	statement	db
The quality of the food matches what one is used to back in Bangalore.	statement	db
The restaurant is a bit on the small side and they must be popular as there was a small queue when we arrived on an early Saturday afternoon around 2pm.	statement	db
They have a good system to minimize waiting by allowing you to place your order and pay while in the queue then being seated closer to when your food is ready as all orders take about 10 minutes.	statement	db
I went there when it first opened, on a Sunday and they applied a surcharge for Sunday, making it about a dollar more expensive for each item which I found odd.	statement	db
They might have been working out some kinks as it was fine, but not amazing when we went.	statement	db
Wish these guys would find someone who could help them fix the simple things that make a great restaurant concept with pretty good food a mediocre experience.	statement	db
The older gentleman who takes your order at the front counter is very helpful and friendly, and patiently explains and recommends different dishes.	statement	db
The soup is great, especially for those who loves pepper.	statement	db
If you're hungry after midnight, give it a try and see what you get.	statement	db
Late night suppers after clubbing tend to lead you on some food adventures when you're starving and Ya Hua is the result of binge eating after clubbing.	statement	db
As I'm not a fan of innards, I can only base on what my friends who consume it tell me, and that it's the best they've had.	statement	db
Convenient for people who wishes to have a bowl of hot supper after clubbing.	statement	db
There were a lot of design types working away on laptops when I was there and I get the impression it's that kind of place.	statement	db
This is my safe brunch place, when we can't quite make up our minds where to go, we always end up here.	statement	db
These crowds were absent from Flock when we visited one Saturday afternoon for tea.	statement	db
Nope, not  Chye Seng Huat or 40 Hands or 3 Hands or no hands (in fact when we drove out of the carpark at Moh Guan terrace I only realized that 40 hands was around the corner from Flock).	statement	db
Without jumping in the kitchen, I'd say go have the big breakfast at Food For Thought to see what I mean by a good, even scramble.	statement	db
As other reviewers have noted, staff are Singaporean (as opposed to 40 Hands) and while I have no problem with Filipino service, I do appreciate an outlet that will pay more for inexperienced locals who actually care about what they're doing.	statement	db
The proprietor seemed like a very nice lady who cared enough to serve & speak to customers with a smile.	statement	db
I think the cappuccinos here are probably closer to what you'd get in Italy than some of the better places in San Francisco since the coffee beans used here are on more of the delicate side and the milk used tastes more creamy than what is normally used in the US.	statement	db
I always head to Flock for brunch when I'm in the Tiong Bahru area.	statement	db
I've unfortunately tried other places in SG where it tastes incredibly watered down, or just like instant ramen.	statement	db
The chicken meat was succulent and the rice cakes were chewy - again, I don't know what should authentic cakes taste like, but I definitely liked the chewy texture.	statement	db
Fortunately the restaurant offered to make a vegetarian pancake for me when we asked.	statement	db
The flavors are more local than Korean, which works well for the local clientele but it was not what we were looking for.	statement	db
(Read in ""The Most Interesting Man In The World's"" voice) I don't always eat Korean food, but when I do, I prefer Big Mama.	statement	db
I only come here for lunch when my colleagues have a Korean craving, and it gets the job done.	statement	db
However, I will come back to try other dishes or as and when I crave for dakgalbi.	statement	db
I think its a strange concept for me on how expensive korean food is here bc it literally should have costed half of what we normally pay for.	statement	db
Im in a different country where the majority of people here arent korean so you gotta deliver to the masses.	statement	db
They add some seaweed/sesame oil (i bet, that's why it's so delicious)/pickles in the same pan and cook the rice with the remaining ingredients.	statement	db
There's a reason why you can't grab seats when you walk in.	statement	db
And when I merged my personal sauce creation with freshly boiled meats and vegetables, it was the perfect marriage of umami flavors in my mouth.	statement	db
One of my favorite dishes is the Kung foo noodles, where a talented noodle artist came to my table and made fresh noodles right in front of my eyes.	statement	db
to the extent when my friend accidentally spilled water on her feet, the server bent over with tissue and cleaned her feet.	statement	db
next time when i go there again and if i manage to either solve the rubix cube or fold a paper crane then I'll update this review.	statement	db
We use their iPad to place our orders and had a personal server who most wait on us.	statement	db
Have been hearing Singaporean friends rave about HDL so when I was in SG for the weekend, decided to check what the fuss is all about.	statement	db
Instead we went window shopping and came back when we anticipated the table might be ready.	statement	db
Pricing was about $50/pax which is a bit high for us tourists, but I think you pay what you get and this is a place definitely worth trying at least once!	statement	db
I requested for really low level of spice as I don't know what to expect.	statement	db
Totally satisfied and already planning when to return again.	statement	db
It tastes very distinctly of fresh prawn here, compared to other places where it may taste more like fish or fish cake.	statement	db
Tbh I don't know why someone would have Korean gochujang or fermented beancurd sauce with steamboat...but definitely impressive variety.	statement	db
But it's not meant to compete with more casual places - Hai Di Lao offers a relaxed, quieter, more formal ambiance, where you can leisurely cook and sip at your soup and chat while enjoying your meal.	statement	db
Everyone mentioned how Hai Di Lao is known for their service, but I do not think it is that extraordinary so I have no idea what is the baseline for comparison.	statement	db
Finally a friend who can read it found there was an option to switch to English (upper right corner).	statement	db
They should consider putting ""ENG"" or something when the menu was in Chinese mode and in Chinese characters when in English mode so the monolingual can select the language option.	statement	db
Maybe it depends on what we ordered too.	statement	db
We were full with what we had, with room for dessert elsewhere.	statement	db
Also when you do order prawns, they will check if you'd like them to remove the shells for you and if you would like to have the prawn heads in the soup.	statement	db
Prices can run up a little if you order a la carte but you get what you pay for - the freshest cuts for a reasonable price.	statement	db
Service was trying when there's a crowd but still acceptable.	statement	db
for those who can't decide, their numerous sets, many seasonal specials plus ala carte options, will leave you even more undecided!	statement	db
The service was ok, they only went round topping hot tea when the room was packed which was about a quarter past 12.	statement	db
There is another section which is the sushi counter where you can watch the sushi chefs slice and dice and make your sushi in front of you.	statement	db
Always a good sign when the sushi and sashimi soy sauces are different (one is lighter and more fragrant, the other saltier and stronger flavored).	statement	db
The prices are a bit high, but I think it still represents good value and I will stop here again when back in Singapore.	statement	db
This is THE sushi place according to my father, who had excitedly rushed us down for lunch on a Sunday to bring us to his favourite local Japanese restaurant for the first time.	statement	db
The style is definitely very close to what you will eat in Tokyo, and the sushi was very good.	statement	db
The rice was good, but the texture was different from what I usually expect - it was less firm here, but still very good.	statement	db
I found out what to order and that helped to keep any disappointment at bay.	statement	db
Food was decent but kind of pricey for what you get.	statement	db
We ate at the sushi bar where you place your order by grabbing the menus, a pencil and paper and simply write down what you want.	statement	db
The line (or queue... ah, what the hell, I don't speak the Queen's English so I'm keeping it as line!)	statement	db
It always snakes around no matter what time of day it is.	statement	db
I usually have some room in my dessert pocket when I leave.)	statement	db
Sashimi lovers know that the fish is good when it literally melts in your mouth.	statement	db
I know a lot of you have high standards when it comes to sushi.	statement	db
It's not strange why there is always a long queue outside Itacho everytime i walk by.	statement	db
The fatty salmon sushi is simply amazing when you dip it with their wasabi sauce.	statement	db
Some of the dishes are on the expensive side but definitely worth it for those who appreciate good sushi.	statement	db
This is a typical Singapore- or Chinese-style sushi place with plenty of fake wasabi, 100s of items on the menu (including every imaginable salmon sushi dish) that you order by the number not by the Japanese name, and waitresses who can't answer any of your questions.	statement	db
I've always wondered why there's always such a long queue outside this place.	statement	db
Pricing wise, it isn't sushi tei or sakae sushi, but what you're paying for is worth it.	statement	db
As you can you order order most sushi by individual pieces (while some come in small portions), this makes for a delight for anyone who enjoys variety over quantity.	statement	db
Be warned for those who do not take wasabi, as the chain typically adds a small pinch of wasabi to their sushi, unless you specifically request to exclude it from your sushi.	statement	db
But what really bought me over was the warm rice each sushi was served with.	statement	db
Food is good, but be VERY VERY VERY careful when buying take away!!	statement	db
The downside is that its slightly pricey and every bite makes you want more, and the more you eat, the more you order, and the more you order...you get where I'm headed.	statement	db
I won't repeat what others have said about the unique nature of this place.	statement	db
You find a very nondescript corner of a building with a sign that says to go in through the back of the building where you walk in to what looks like a small tunnel.	statement	db
The staff didn't interact much but did respond when asked for the check.	statement	db
(HI IM IN THIS COOL PLACE WITH AWESOME FOOD AND YOU'RE NOT, is what I sent to my boyfriend in Brunei)  The restaurant is divided into 2 areas, 1 dark and claustrophobic (and you're all sitting at 1 side of the table, facing the bar, but not AT the bar, because there's an alley between you and the bar counter) and 1 bright and airy with a nice view of the chefs grilling the yakitori.	statement	db
(Btw I now know where the cool entrance is and I will be using it for my next visit)	statement	db
but never actually visited until last saturday when we were looking for a place for post dinner drinks, Bincho comes to mind.	statement	db
I cannot praise this place high enough, deciding to walk and take the back streets too our destination I had started to loose faith we were heading anywhere, and when we followed the small sign out the back down an alley I was dubious...  Thankfully you open the door on the coolest sake bar in town and are able to grab a drink of one if their more unique cocktails or select from the bar menu.	statement	db
Each to e I come to singapore, this is where I will come.	statement	db
Unfortunately that is where the achievements end.	statement	db
Upon returning he informed me that it was a completely different dish to what he introduced when he served it.	statement	db
The only awkward part was not getting seated and standing around when we arrived.	statement	db
Yes, it was great that I get to eat Dim Sum at 5am when I was really craving for it, but to get all the way there, and being served with barely-considered-warm porridge, slightly below average dim sum, was seriously a damper.	statement	db
Now this is the part where you'll slap me in the face- I actually didn't order dim sum this time around because I was feeling under the weather (stomach-wise.)	statement	db
Overall, great spot for morning dim sum; wouldn't hesitate to come back when my stomach decides to cooperate!	statement	db
Original-destination: UYE#2 @ Immigrants Bar, Joo Chiat Random-pit-stop: Mongkok Dim Sum  Stefan L. and I were making our way to the second UYE at Immigrant's Bar when hunger climbed into the control mechanisms within our brains and piloted us off the bus just two short stops after we got on from the Kallang MRT Station.	statement	db
I'm honest when I say that I have no bloody clue where I am BUT I trusted Stefan both as a friend and guide as well as his opinion on Singaporean delicacies.	statement	db
So I tagged on quietly, albeit excitedly...for what we will be having at this pit-stop.	statement	db
Apparently, a little history lesson from Stefan, the uncle who owns Mongkok fell out with his nephew who then established that spot and both pointing fingers at each other that each had stolen each others' recipe.	statement	db
Beef Hor Fun:  1 - there is a lot of beef...TENDER BEEF (reminds me of the ""Mongolian Beef"" dishes in US Chinese Restaurants; meat beaten the crap out off until tender) 2 - the ratio of beef to noodles was...practically 1 to 1...which is freaking AWESOME 3 - I didn't know it was SPICY (well for me it is)...and for all of you who don't know, my body has never recovered from my chili eating contest eons ago...so I had to really, really, REALLY take my time eating it 4 - WIN  Dim Sum:  1. nothing spectacular tbh, but I'd eat it again any given day.	statement	db
Breakfast is free when you stay here.	statement	db
There is a fresh omelette station where the cook will make you a custom omelette, a porridge station with all the fixins the way mama used to make it, dim sum with wonton soup and fresh veggies, an Indian food area, delicious fancy pastries, Oatmeal/cereal, Belgian waffles with real maple syrup and Nutella, fresh fruits, juice, and a coffee machine.	statement	db
Pretty pricey at $73 SGP, but when it's hot outside and you don't feel like leaving the comforts of the hotel and enjoy the fantastic service provided by the staff and can't get enough of the beautiful decor of this restaurant then this place is a no-brainer!	statement	db
There are other places where you can get better local food but this place ups by having them all in one place.	statement	db
Here's where the dilemma starts.	statement	db
It broken down into at least five different eating stations:  There's the 1) Indian Station where you'll have about three or 2 kinds of naan (plain naan and garlic naan), saffron Basmati rice, plenty of curry dishes from fish, chicken and lamb curry.	statement	db
The  there's the 3) Malay Section with Satay grilled chicken, beef, lamb on a stick with a peanut dipping sauce, super strong and flavorful red onions and hot sauce; BBQ Otak Otak and Sambal Fish; Sayor Lodeh (mixed veggies with coconut gravy; Cucur Sayor, vegetable fritters, and some other items  Then there's the 4) beverage area where you can make an english coffee, espresso, or any kind of a coffee, various drinks from mango to cucumber juice to cool sweet chinese herbal tea.	statement	db
My advice to anyone who eats here: do not be overly ambitious because it's too much food even if you take just a bite or two of each dish.	statement	db
Hosted a friend who lived in my condo building back in Atlanta.	statement	db
There was a huge station that had many desserts displayed when we could help ourselves.	statement	db
The restaurant's entrance was kind of in a chaos when the staff started letting patrons with reservations to enter for lunch.	statement	db
This is where I'd bring international friends to try local food - the spread is fantastic.	statement	db
The others are also good though not as good as what you can get in some well known hawker stalls.	statement	db
See the reviews from Mark D, Glenn H, Azira A & Melissa Z, who all tell it spot on.	statement	db
It is definitely a great place for bringing visitors who want to have a sampling of a wide variety of dishes, and you can walk off the huge meal by shopping around orchard road afterwards.	statement	db
This is a tough one... on the one hand, it's a pretty nice place for tourists who would like to try local food (also certified halal) but prefer a comfortable hotel environment vs going out to a hawker centre ('tis a pity!).	statement	db
It's also pricey, for what you get.	statement	db
You can probably get just as good if not better food at an outdoor hawker centre, and the price would be more reasonable, but to do that you'd have to be a true local/insider to know where to go and what to order.	statement	db
Super authentic, mouthwateringly delicious and incredibly reasonable, I don't know what more you could possibly ask for.	statement	db
I have been coming here for years and often crave it when I'm back in LA.	statement	db
However, every dish here is cooked to perfection... and that's what sets Hong Kong Street apart from other Cantonese restaurants, in my opinion.	statement	db
You can tell they make their own sauces (or at least that's what it tastes like), not something out of the bottle.	statement	db
However, I tend to always take my food to go (maybe I just like eating in the comfort of my home haha) But we usually buy a bunch of dishes from here to-go for dinner when we're too lazy to cook (or have guests over)... Just call ahead and they'll have it ready for you to pick it.	statement	db
The people working seemed nice although there was a customer in front of me and that was unsure of what to order and the server kind of seemed annoyed.	statement	db
Tip 2: if you're unsure of what to get, many people try their almond croissant and their coffee	statement	db
I wonder why people do not have to work and hang out at coffeeshop all the time.	statement	db
My suggestion is to enjoy these savoury croissants at the outlets where they are served piping hot and fresh from the oven.	statement	db
Everything is freshly baked, the staff is super friendly, and they really know what they are doing!	statement	db
It came very close to what I have had by a professional pastry chef.	statement	db
I am amazed at the amount of people who chill here around 10 AM on weekdays, both locals and expats.	statement	db
Enjoy the funky center hinge door when you go.	statement	db
Got served by this awesome waiter who tries very hard to ensure customers don't wait for too long for their seats.	statement	db
(if you know what I mean).	statement	db
Because the quality of what it offers is undeniable, they do good shizz.	statement	db
I knew this was going to be a interesting meal when I saw the fun front door.	statement	db
I have such a nostalgic attachment to Tiong Bahru Bakery - it was one of the first cafes I visited when I was rediscovering the new old Tiong Bahru and I dare anyone to resist their drool inducing displays!	statement	db
Especially when paired with their pastries and other goodies.	statement	db
This must be what heaven is like, and French heaven is just extra sexy.	statement	db
These were the first thoughts running through my head when I first saw Tiong Bahru Bakery in the first week of its opening.	statement	db
Coffee was nothing to write about, but hey, that's not what Gontran Cherrier is famous for.	statement	db
Tart shell was firm to the bite, and made a mess when it shattered all over my desk.	statement	db
Their baguette's the best I've had so far in Singapore - easily a five star rating, but what brought it down is the below average crowd control (which can easily be explained by the craze caused by word-of-mouth and being in the Straits Times!).	statement	db
If anything, it can get pretty congested when fully seated, and so rather noisy - but I guess that just adds to the buzz and bustle of it all.	statement	db
I asked the lady at the counter (as I always do) for their recommendation, and was a little surprised when she pointed me to their simplest of plain croissants.	statement	db
This place is way too hyped for what it is.	statement	db
but the location and the aroma seems to be back when was child going to my bakery on my street	statement	db
There were several people who were taking up the other tables without food waiting for this place to open up again - a sure sign it is worthwhile!	statement	db
* While preparing my meal, he asked I where I was from.	statement	db
Me: Ahhhhhh I see what you did there!	statement	db
It might change every day because when I look at the Yelp photos, it appears to be different in each one.	statement	db
Not sure what it was, but really interesting practice!	statement	db
And of course, I experienced this when my phone was dead so I have no photos to show.	statement	db
The flavours for what usually is a bland dish was just incredible.	statement	db
I also got side of soup, which reminded me of, what my mom used to cook back home.	statement	db
We always have a sumptuous spread when we visit Katong Shopping Centre.	statement	db
I came with a friend who just got back from the States for holiday and he was kind of missing this local fare.	statement	db
However, no hesitation at all when I mentioned KSC basement's Chicken rice.	statement	db
Honestly, I couldn't tell you what made me choose this place but i'm glad I went.	statement	db
Actually found it affordable for what my wife and I ordered and what came with it- for her chicken rice with breast meat with a complimentary large bowl of herbal soup and me drumstick with large cabbage soup.	statement	db
This place has the sort of rice you could eat plain and be perfectly content with, chilli that makes your mouth burst (with flavour, not hotness) and chilli soaked with soy sauce, garlic, and who knows what other sorcery is in there.	statement	db
I never have meat cravings, but when I see this stall, I admit.	statement	db
Its great when you have soup thats anything other than plain old chicken stock with chopped spring onion.	statement	db
I hi there when given an opportunity especially when we have 4-6 pax.	statement	db
One of the better chicken rice in the area, what makes this one stand out is that when you eat there, you get a choice of really good soups, not the usual chicken-stock flavour crap you sometimes get - you can either get the veggie soup or the one with corn, carrots and pork ribs.	statement	db
The only reason why I am not giving a higher rating is the rice, of which im not that big a fan.	statement	db
But it does tick all the other boxes when it comes to good chicken rice.	statement	db
It must have been years since I last visited Katong Shopping Centre, and when I did I had to try what is arguably one of the top few chicken rice stalls in Singapore.	statement	db
Managed to be seated upon arrival right when they opened.	statement	db
It's in orchard where all the action is.	statement	db
The restaurant actually bothered to return call when there was a miss call.	statement	db
The following day I asked my brother who lives in Singapore if we can go dine at Taste Paradise.	statement	db
Taste paradise is the next big thing for Chinese food in Singapore...   Why I keep coming back despite having to reserve every time I wanna eat here: 1.	statement	db
The price is a little on the heavy side compared to the local street food, but you certainly get what you pay for (and comparatively from the US it's the same as regular [crappier] dim sum establishments).	statement	db
The xiao long bao doesnt break easily and has lots of soup in it, while the liu sha bao oozes when you bite into it.	statement	db
The egg tart is also best eaten when served warm.	statement	db
For the same price, I was at Marmalade Pantry at the Stables where I paid for 1 subpar dish and 1 latte (helped me decide to not go to MP again :)  Ask for a table in the back section...the drapes are drawn allowing the sunshine in.	statement	db
We loved the light, bouncy xo carrot cake - which by the way I still don't know why it's called carrot cake.	statement	db
Very disappointing indeed and I don't know what type of people eat this shit and call it yummy!!!	statement	db
I don't know if they are just being shady and super cheap with the oil changing or if they overfry the heck out of the thing, but most of the time when I place an order, my fried chicken comes out looking more black than normal.	statement	db
Then you get those who ordered take-away but still sat down on the dining-in chairs, giving another illusion of a packed place.	statement	db
The chicken is pre-cooked in masses and thereafter microwaved  What a shame!	statement	db
The high turnover ensures you get freshly fried chicken and fresh fries so I suggest that you only buy when there IS a queue!	statement	db
that was my tip from some time back... to my surprise when i went on a Monday evening, there was no line.	statement	db
sadly, i made the wrong choice to have that to go because the salad was overly soggy when i got home.	statement	db
I still have not figured out what makes this place so great!	statement	db
It is true that it is pricier but if you love fried chicken as much as I do, you will understand why I'm that willing to part with my money for 4 Finger's chicken.	statement	db
Dragged here by a friend who claimed the chicken served here is ""out of this world"", I  guess I have to agree with her.	statement	db
Saw this when I was walking around ION today.	statement	db
4 Fingers is why I go to ION, and it's even why I don't mind the New Delhi airport so much (they actually have one there..!).	statement	db
I am surprised why they haven't managed to get more outlets up and running considering a place like Wendy's has mushroomed across the island giving burgers a bad name.	statement	db
The restaurant didn't look like much from the outside but sometimes during dinner time you could saw a long line formed with diners who couldn't wait to taste the peppery broth of the bak kut teh.	statement	db
I think I got a bit too addicted to the broth and the leftover broth was very enjoyable when eaten together with warm rice.	statement	db
My last time at the Founder Bak Kut Teh was when my flight back to Perth got delayed for 24 hours.	statement	db
It was also really crowded and they sat me outside where it was quite hot.	statement	db
Lucky me that the queue wasn't too long when I reached here.	statement	db
He was initially supposed to take me to a chicken rice place, but when we passed by Founder's there was no line.	statement	db
and hot (thanks, Equator) so I couldn't help but question why he is taking me to a place that was serving hot Chinese soup.	statement	db
This place has been here for ages, as the walls are covered with what I assume to be famous Asian actors and/or singers.	statement	db
The taste remains just like when I was a little girl.	statement	db
Soup refill was slow initially when a refill was desired, but servers were inattentive.	statement	db
People who are expect in Bak Kut Teh will know to order the prime ribs which will of cause cost abit more than the usual.	statement	db
The heavy taste of the soup is one of the reason why customers keep returning back to the place.	statement	db
I'd suggest to always order the $5 one in medium portion even when you're alone.	statement	db
The place is quite airy, even when seated inside, thanks to its high ceiling and plentiful fans around.	statement	db
And it was cheap when compared to other places.	statement	db
Thankfully our taxi driver recommended this to us when we asked for some good street food.	statement	db
The dessert stalls were a bit lacking, but we managed to find one where I ordered a black rice pudding.	statement	db
I'm a fan of the seafood fried rice, but at this moment I'm not sure what the stall number is... will have to get back to you on that.	statement	db
The original Loy Kee Chicken Rice is also at this block, and is near the corner where you can get really good Tau Huay that is made using traditional methods.	statement	db
Basically, it's got what every good hawker centre has--great food at low prices.	statement	db
Staff is courteous and proactive in providing suggestions on what to try.	statement	db
They have an awesome range of beers but I'm not really adventurous when it comes to booze.	statement	db
While the name was funny, I didn't know what to think.	statement	db
Their menu was pretty straightforward, comfort food which is what they promised.	statement	db
Another one of those completely random and yet serendipitous finds when wandering around in search of booze.	statement	db
And the loo looked like something out of a derelict and haunted mental hospital, what with its rickety metal washbasin.	statement	db
To our surprise, we were given 25% off drinks, which was a very kind gesture on the part of C&B, especially so when the launch that night was meant only for friends.	statement	db
At other times (weeknights), the food was served within 5-10 minutes when dining in.	statement	db
This place is so good, I must say people from Singapore are talking about this place and had no idea what it is, so in July 2014 I went and it was delectable.	statement	db
I think they may also have a system where you can get a text when your number is reached.	statement	db
You pay when you return to get your table and food.	statement	db
They even quickly defrayed the commotion prompted by an angry woman who had been away when her number was called.	statement	db
They were especially nice when dipped into the gravy from the whipped potatoes.	statement	db
I cannot be more thankful for the person who brought this here to our shores.	statement	db
I got a little lost today - I've been fortunate to have people buy this to parties so I've never had to buy this myself before this experience, but I knew what my end goal was, so I did not allow myself to be fazed.	statement	db
Queues here can be pretty insane during lunch time - it observes a rather strange system where you order your food at the counter before they seat you.	statement	db
Arnold's is local, and this is where Fried Chicken Mecca is at, I promise.	statement	db
Even when I went early just before 6pm, I still had to stand outside and wait for my queue number to be rung up.	statement	db
I don't know what sorcery they dabble in, but even the chicken breast is tender and succulent.	statement	db
Well, You just don't want to count your calories when you are eating it.	statement	db
During ramadan, they give priority to the customers who are break fast.	statement	db
Well whatever it is it doesn't feel as oily when you eat it.	statement	db
Also love that it's Halal, so it's an easy choice when organising gatherings.	statement	db
Was taken here by local colleagues for lunch as I had heard and read quite a bit about the local Singapore cuisine that had sprung up when long ago the Chinese and Malay folks had intermarried and created a new local ethnicity (also called Nonya, i believe) and a way of cooking that melded the Malay curry cooking with traditional Chinese food elements.	statement	db
We also got a vegetarian mushroom dish (I can't remember what its was called, but again, just delicious) as well as this dish of Chinese noodles swimming in a wonderful seafood sauce with tons of calamari and baby octopus (yum!	statement	db
I read somewhere that the Peranakan, or Nyonya, cuisine is one of the earliest example of fusion food evolved in the 1950's when the Chinese traders decided to call Malaysia their home.	statement	db
So the food was very good and definitely unique in taste, but as a friend suggested when I said we were having Peranakan, everything starts tasting the same after a few dishes.	statement	db
A welcomed unique cuisine that offers so much more that what we experienced today.	statement	db
All in all, Ye Shanghai serves a value for money dinner especially when we talked about Teochew Mui.	statement	db
The first time it was close to midnight, and I ate with two friends who were ravenous - we had about 6 dishes (favourites like duck, chai por omelette, salted veg, salted egg and one or two more) among us and we barely hit $20.	statement	db
The set up is super efficient - one dude goes up the line asking for your rice/porridge orders, and sets the tray in front of the the guy who dishes out the... dishes.	statement	db
Then another guy tallies your bill, and walks you to the cashier, who tells you whatever number the other guys tells him.	statement	db
I might be paying half of what I'd be paying at LJH!	statement	db
The grumpy uncle, who probably scooped a few tonnes of food for customers for the past hour, can clear the queue relatively fast.	statement	db
Recommended by a taxi driver and he was raving about it in the car and I can totally understand why now.	statement	db
And when the whole area is permeated with Filipino cuisine awesomeness, we just tend to gravitate towards the best tasting place with the most ""decent"" prices.	statement	db
So here with a great friend who wanted to explore the cuisine, I ordered for us...sat down...waited during good conversation...while they prep'd, kill'd, made'd, creat'd, charm'd, blah'd, and then called out our number to pick the FOOD upppp...  1.	statement	db
No mention...but I know what you're up to...THUMBS UP.	statement	db
If you know the recipe, you'll know what I'm talking about.	statement	db
Cooking is sometimes a long process and when you have 3 kinds of it...you'll have to cut corners to make a profit.	statement	db
It's a shame not having the slightest knowledge of the food, when it tastes robust and so mystique and only the food connoisseur knows where to dig up gems.	statement	db
It has an explosive texture as I bite into the ear cartilage that raved in heavenly note when mingled with the yolk.	statement	db
I wish the egg yolk could be more runny but it was all cooked on the hotplate when it was handed to us.	statement	db
There is a supervisor at the dessert stand who is overweight and unfriendly.	statement	db
Oh joy, pure joy; when you get to eat as much as you want, and doubly so when the food is AWESOME!	statement	db
Gracia's right, bookings are essential, and even more so when you want to go there with a decent sized gang, if you want to try all the deliciousness they have on offer.	statement	db
That being said, there is a lady who I think is Indonesian and is polite and actually is a joy to speak to but most of the time, I just felt like I had rained on someone's parade.	statement	db
A lovely dining experience that we would highly recommend, especially for foodies who want to savor a wide-range of Indonesian specialties.	statement	db
Unlike many restaurants where they have one particular specialty, the preparation and flavors of the food here are many and varied.	statement	db
I had the first of what will no doubt be many multi-course Chinese dinners for Chinese new year, at Summer Palace.	statement	db
I'm not sure why people would classify the restaurant as pricey when given the quality of the food, portions, decor and service, it really is the farthest thing from pricey.	statement	db
If one refers to the absolute price of the food, I think its a foregone conclusion when eating fine dining anything.	statement	db
Really do taste like chicken unlike what we had in New Orleans.	statement	db
I find the Mango Sago and Osthamus Wolfberry pretty much the same to what we would be able to get at any decent chinese restaurant.	statement	db
Summer Palace is where you come to have high end Cantonese food.	statement	db
We made a reservation for two on a weekday and when we arrived, the attendant promptly ushered us to a window seat facing out into the Regent's swimming pool.	statement	db
They also have dim sum in the afternoon, for those who want some Chinese afternoon tea.	statement	db
Came here with a friend from San Fran who was craving some authentic Cantonese food - and since we were willing to break the piggy bank (quite a few, in fact!	statement	db
We exited the restaurant as if we paid over $200 for the service, location, and the amazing food, when it was around $110 altogether.	statement	db
Salt Grill is an awesome place for a special occasion dinner, and I also agree with the other reviewers who say it's a good venue for treating out your parental units.	statement	db
Reason for 4 stars instead of 5 stars:  The experience was marred from the beginning when I saw the email on Tuesday (they sent it Sunday afternoon, but I didn't check email till Tuesday...some people are not chained by email :p) where it asked if I could change my dining time to 11.30 am or 11.45 am instead of 12 pm.	statement	db
The meat was just so tender and juicy (still cannot compare to American beef in flavor) that it was with sadness when I popped in the last bite.	statement	db
The pressed potato (in thin slices) with blue cheese was ok, just a hint of blue cheese so those who do not like it will not be turned off by it.	statement	db
You could select the tea of your choice, you just have to ask them what is available.	statement	db
The only thing this place has is the view, so if that's what you're after, come and have a drink and go have a dinner else where.	statement	db
Since we were a party of five, we have ordered plenty of different dishes and all of them were tasteless, terribly decorated and nothing resembled of what they should taste like.	statement	db
Foie gras became one of my favourite dishes when I visited Budapest.	statement	db
However, you walk through a shopping mall going in and again coming out which somehow lessens the experience (in my opinion) and leads me to wonder why the architects would not have considered having the lift run all the way to the ground floor instead.	statement	db
If you are unfamiliar with your surroundings, there are signs showing what is where.	statement	db
I was unfortunately stuck there with someone who brought in a crying baby that make the experience frustrating but I'm sure they didn't do it on purpose.	statement	db
http://tinyurl.com/azdxbho  Corn fed Spatchcock, Cajun and herb spices - I am not quite sure what made this dish a spatchcock, a cooking term for removing the main two bones and cooking the chicken flat.	statement	db
I am also not sure what made it cajun.	statement	db
http://tinyurl.com/ag39gu9  Receipt ($489.63)  http://tinyurl.com/bys3jbk  Overall, Salt grill + Sky bar offers exactly what I expect from a true fine-dining experience.	statement	db
for the uninitiated, you need to head to the 4th floor of ion, where the visitor's info booth is.	statement	db
can sound foul to some, including myself, who is not a fan of liquorice.	statement	db
I was Not as excited about the oysters   But what about that view.	statement	db
But hey what about that view.	statement	db
The food is supposedly ""Modern Australian"", but you don't have to care what it's called, just know that it's marvellously good.	statement	db
While seeing people displaying their portraits taken against the limitless blue plane on various social media platforms, I have secretly bookmarked the place even when there's nothing much to brag about on the food.	statement	db
Located on the 56th floor at the iconic Ion shopping mall, one has to make his way to level 4 where he will be greeted by a Salt representative at the concierge counter before being transported to the restaurant in a private lift.	statement	db
Undeniably knowledgeable on the food composite when I throw questions at her except a fair-skinned white macho who expressed disapproving frown when was told that the asparagus tasted weak under the strong blower in the restaurant.	statement	db
It seems like alien to me and so I have to summon my genuine feedback when someone came forward to clear my table.	statement	db
I'm one of those guys who is useless in the kitchen, but even I could have done that!	statement	db
As we were there for the first time, I wasn't really sure on where to order and asked one of the staffs about it.	statement	db
She directed us to the front where you can see the computer.	statement	db
Before making payments, what looked good to me was the Lemongrass Galangal Seafood Risotto.	statement	db
Food came pretty earlier than what I expected.	statement	db
The cashier took the wrong table number when another employee wrote onto the paper.	statement	db
My kids love the outdoor playgrounds that's why I come here whenever I need to relax or meet up with someone.	statement	db
:)  However, the place depends a lot on natural lighting thus it may get a little dim when the sky is cloudy.	statement	db
The lights used are mainly spot lights at the area where the long tables are, thus it may also get a little warm.	statement	db
It was a pretty cool afternoon when I came by for some lunch, so the seats outdoors where actually a feasible option made easier when you find seats within the reach of the fan.	statement	db
And it feels a little too big sometimes, especially when you have to wander around to: a) order your food, b) collect your utensils, c) find a seat.	statement	db
Located right in the botanical gardens in the middle of the city, this place is a lush, tropical oasis where one can seek respite from the heat and get relax in FFT.	statement	db
They serve all day breakfast here from 8am to 5pm, and even give early birds a local black coffee or tea offer at $1 when you order local breakfast items between 8am-10am.	statement	db
However I was pleasantly surprised when I brought the cake back.	statement	db
Decent coffee is served here, bit when it gets really hot, I order a fresh juice or a San pelligrino to cool off.	statement	db
This is a semi self-service system where you order and pay at the cashier and then the food gets served to you at your table.	statement	db
Food for Thought does not charge for service, GST is already included in the listed prices so what you see on the menu is what you pay.	statement	db
So if you dig their service, remember to leave a tip, or choose to donate $2 when you take a glass of free clean water, so an African can be blessed with the same for a year.	statement	db
You have to order and pay at the counter, and give them your table number so they can deliver it to the right table when the food comes.	statement	db
It was also pretty crowded and busy so the service wasn't the fastest (although it's mostly self-service so you have to be pretty proactive about asking the wait staff for what you need).	statement	db
But when you reach the restaurant, it is still filled with people.	statement	db
Location is within the grounds of the Singapore botanic gardens and has an interesting concept where you queue and order and then your food is delivered to your table - which are organized by number.	statement	db
Sad to say, I was disappointed both times when I went to visit.	statement	db
When ordering, you are supposed to tell them exactly where you are seated (basically screwed if someone else takes your seat) or they will refuse to let you order until you have found an alternative seat.	statement	db
I can imagine what a hard time this would give single diners, or worse, having to split up lovey-eyed couples by forcing one to queue thereby subjecting them to a painful 20 minutes wait before they reunite!	statement	db
Ok, so this place has been reviewed to death, and everybody loves it, and why not, there is very little not to like about NIckelDime.	statement	db
He knows his tipple and he's happy to hear what you'd like and insatiably curious about what drives the consumer psyche.	statement	db
This is is a little quirk of the Singapore craft scene, but you'll get what you get when you walk in the door and it all comes down to the supply chain which I have stopped trying to figure out, leaving it to smarter more determined minds like Frank's to unravel.	statement	db
The other really attractive thing about Nickeldime is their willingness to do flights or tasters, which is a huge plus if a place has more than  4 taps and you'd like to taste all the beers on tap and get a relatively sound sense of what each beer is about.	statement	db
It even sounds cool...  if an ale with an above average ABV and below-the-belt hop balance is what gets your attention, then you need to drop by before I drink it all.	statement	db
The tables are big and good for groups of 4-6, and there's a nice patio where I've seen patrons bring their dogs.	statement	db
Lately, they've been playing some older pop playlists (think Ciara, 50 Cent when he used to actually rap... basically, early 2000s!)	statement	db
Not to worry, there's a little retail area where you can grab a 6 pack to take home with you.	statement	db
I'm always down for a pint, let me know when you go!	statement	db
One of the best draft selections in town, and with a wider range than when they first opened.	statement	db
It's refreshing when you get to sit at a sushi bar and really feel passion from the guy behind the counter.	statement	db
Being as I stay in Zhongshan Park a lot when I travel to Singapore for work, the past fee times I've had to cab it out of the area to find a bar where I can light up a cigar, enjoy a good brew and just unwind.	statement	db
I'm from California, so when I walked in and saw Stone Brewing on tap and in bottles, I was stoked.	statement	db
Let me explain, Nickledime draft house sells themselves as a place where they sell imported bottled craft beers as well as craft beer on tap.	statement	db
Attached internally was also a retail section where bottled beers were sold.	statement	db
The draft beer menu was on the board and had what I considered to be quite a large selection of beers all served on tap.	statement	db
The waiter did not know what to say or do and just walked away.	statement	db
Not sure what to expect with this.	statement	db
There actually wasn't a line when I went..just a guy in front of me.	statement	db
If you are doing take away, they wrap each component in separate little bags(noodle, fish..etc)..so when you get home you just dump then into bowl.	statement	db
Perhaps what draws regular crowd is the Shark Meat Fritters (add 50cents) and the braised gravy.	statement	db
That might be what made it for me.	statement	db
I've read very opposing views on this dish, perhaps from people who prefer to more traditional braised variety but I like this adaptation.	statement	db
So, in light if these circumstances, Lor Mee 178 acts as one of my trusty haunts I fall back on when I just have to get a bowl.	statement	db
Sharks meat is what gives this veteran of Tiong Bahru market its uniqueness.	statement	db
Like fish fritters, it tastes awesome when eaten crispy, especially when it is soaked in starchy lor mee sauce to give it that delightful balance of crunchy soupiness.	statement	db
She asked us to wait while she clears the table, and later sat us near a corner where we can comfortably push the pram to.	statement	db
Firstly, if you are like me who tends to overlook some fine details, the restaurant is located on the 5th floor of Mandarin Orchard, not the Mandarin Oriental near the MBS.	statement	db
Fast forward to 2015 when my wife said that we had to stop by to see whether or not Chatterbox was as good as she remembered it being (she lived in Sing for 5 years).	statement	db
Not sure what it was about my first visit but this time around the chicken was moist and tasty and the rice was fragrant and tasty!	statement	db
Only drawback was how pricey it was but what do you expect for a large portion of food and at a hotel right on Orchard Road.	statement	db
When I asked my server what I could have that was gluten free, he pointed to one dish and said 'that one' off the whole menu.	statement	db
Was surprised when they brought a cold spring roll.	statement	db
It was beautifully presented which I suppose what you pay as part of the price.	statement	db
Also, although it didn't look very busy when I visited for lunch, I suggest to reservd a table.	statement	db
I took her word for it, but for this to be their signature dish, I'm not sure why everyone raves about this place.	statement	db
Flavor was okay, but texture was exactly what i wanted.	statement	db
I don't understand how or why the service was so bad, there are so many waiters just standing around and not doing anything.	statement	db
Tips: 1) If you are into trying new things, you still may want to confirm what you are ordering.	statement	db
I though I was ordering fried pieces of fish, but what I got was whole fishes -bone, head, tail- battered and fried like a chicken tender).	statement	db
My cousin who lives in Singapore took me to Chatterbox and told me about their famous Hainese chicken.	statement	db
So when a friend came into town for work and wanted Asian food, I decided it would be a good opportunity to try it, since it's sit-down place with service, AC, and local food.	statement	db
It's exactly what was expected...food is satisfactory but the price is not.	statement	db
A place to go to when it is late at night or when you want a respite from shopping and do not want to jostle with the crowd in the food courts or similarly priced restaurants.	statement	db
I have been to Chatterbox when it was still on the ground level (before the renovation and new location) many years ago and have seen the price increased to its current exorbitant level.	statement	db
Note: Sometimes I wonder if hotel restaurants (or any restaurants under any Food Card discount membership) purposely jack up their prices so that when card members dine there and utilize the card privilege (10%-50% discount based on number of diners), the prices are actually not so painful to the pocket.	statement	db
At the same time, however, our family and friends who used to eat their chicken rice many years ago claim that the quality has gone down, while the price has surely gone the other way.	statement	db
The location is okay, but the service was horrible when we went.	statement	db
A must for any newcomer to Singapore who wants to experience the humble chicken rice in air conditioned comfort.	statement	db
This is fresh, silky goodness, hand made to order when you order.	statement	db
(Apparently, they didnt want to take his money when they saw him but he insisted)  One of the best chee cheong funs in sg.	statement	db
a customized JIT set up with 2 identically rectangular flat steamers lying alongside another similarly sized, greased, flat work surface where a liquid rice mixture flows in from one end onto muslin cloths lining the steamers, gets subjected to the laws of science regarding a change of physical state then undressed by being separated from it's host clothing to reveal a slippery smooth, silky thin cheong fun before being rolled to give extra depth or in cases where foreign objects such as char siew, prawns, scallops or abalone were introduced, to provide a seductively sheer yet protective layer for them foreign talent, then cut up into bite sizes as it emerges at the other end of this continuous work flow, minimally moisturized with a slightly sweet light soy sauce, fragrantly peppered with sesame seeds and further spiced up, as you deem fit, with homemade chilli.	statement	db
The chee chong fun are made on the spot when you order, and it is like those served in HK dimsum restaurants.	statement	db
I could taste a lot of herbs and seasonings that get along really well in the soup altogether)  The staff gave me extra curry sauce with coconut milk based Indo style of course to pour it on the rice for extra kick (apparently that's what the real Indonesians do at Padang restaurant).	statement	db
Everything is just very very delicious and on point, but, what keeps me coming back is the fried sambal with tomato and chili, it looks pretty oily but soooooo soooo gooooood and the padang resto next door doesn't have it!	statement	db
Probably because it's tedious to make that's why it's sooo gooooood.	statement	db
It's not too spicy as well because I usually don't eat spicy stuff but when I do, it'd only be here!	statement	db
It was perfectly seasoned, and when layered onto a fork with the truffled potatoes and mushrooms - it was the dictionary definition of comfort food.	statement	db
The food is creative and delicious but pricey for what it is.	statement	db
We took the ""surprise me"" 2 course menu and the food quality was good and in line with what I would expect from such a place.	statement	db
The best spot for brunch is the bar seats where you can see into the open kitchen and watch the chefs prepare the food right in front of you.	statement	db
It may be my fault but I didn't know what to expect when ordering ""iberico pork belly"" - it was mostly fats (some slices were just fats).	statement	db
Vibe is the industrial/cool type, not bad when I had braved 15 minutes of scorching heat walking from my humble abode on the other side of Tiong Bahru.	statement	db
It gave the dessert a sweet ending when we got to the bottom.	statement	db
We could see what the chefs were doing!	statement	db
I've been here twice, once for brunch ( book early hor; I saw the manager politely turn away someone who expected to walk in...), and once for dinner (ate at 6.30pm, so can chance a walk-in) and will be back to slowly eat through the rest of the menu.	statement	db
which is really like what you get with tandoori chicken) and the green salad.	statement	db
I mooched a bit of my friend's dessert - don't remember what it was called - and that was really good, so the desserts may be worth a look if you have the extra stomach capacity.	statement	db
Though after spending a 2 hour 3 course dinner there its not hard to see why its packed.	statement	db
This is actually quite significant to me as I am one of those residents of Tiong Bahru who is against the ""rejuvenation"" of the estate simply because nearly all the cafes and eateries there are catered to a trend and the quality of their food products are usually mediocre to downright lousy.	statement	db
Beef Cheeks was their signature and it was clear to me why after just 1 bite.	statement	db
This is what I mean - today I ordered a cake and coffee set before ordering a snack.	statement	db
You wouldn't believe what she did next.	statement	db
If they can be so cheap, you won't want to know what lame ingredients they may be using.	statement	db
I don't know much about coffee or where Liberty coffee is from, but it is smooth and is not too acidic.	statement	db
So my Eggs B wasn't awesome, but the bread they served before you eat what you ordered is amazing, so it made up for the lacklustre eggs.	statement	db
This place is a wee bit inaccessible without a car, because it's quite far from the nearest MRT station (Orchard), so come here with a friend who drives, or even better, don't come at all.	statement	db
Offhand greeting when we came in by the hostess who gestured to us to take seats at a communal table that it turns out were occupied by another couple.	statement	db
And once again, Singapore, why so kiam siap!	statement	db
You can't even see the pastrami when the dish arrives!	statement	db
It's a bit of a blank-stare-who-ordered-this-item kind of place and they serve water when you're about to die from a parched throat.	statement	db
I'm not sure why they take it off the menu.	statement	db
The next sandwich they couldn't tell us when it would be ready, so we took it to go.	statement	db
But I wasn't impressed, and in fact was rather frustrated at why I was still underwhelmed.	statement	db
If this bar within a post office concept seems familiar to you, it is also done up by Imaginings who is also behind KPO, WALA WALA, Balaclava and 1128.	statement	db
We took some time off this place because we felt that they were getting overpriced but going back there reminded us of why we loved it to start with.	statement	db
Sit outside by the street, and you get the best view of everyone who comes by too, from the uncles with young girlfriends, to the old dudes catching up with other old dudes over porridge and the day's gossip papers.	statement	db
I think our lack of research on Restaurant Week became apparent when we arrived for our lunch booking and was informed to our surprise: ""It's a buffet!!""	statement	db
Singaporeans who are used to the buffet scene here might be disappointed that some of the popular buffet elements have been opted out of here - no seafood or sushi for starters and no towering chocolate fountain.	statement	db
Ever since El Quesito Pequeñito bounced into our lives, El Queso Grande has been, shall we say, extra protective... Of his cheese...   After all, even a small baby who loves cheese sauce will someday grow into a small toddler with an ever larger appetite for cheese cubes, large and small...	statement	db
And what a cheese room it was with a glorious spread from fresh soft burratas of all kinds (smoked, regular, truffle, etc) to medium to semi-hard to hard, from sheep's milk to cow milk, from super mild to peppery and salty, from white to bright yellow and everything in between...  Our weekly Sunday family cheese day reached the next level of amazing!	statement	db
PARTING THOUGHT: Basilico has one of the nicest high chairs I've seen at a restaurant Singapore and it's one of the only ones where the wipe stays white when I wipe it down!	statement	db
You can only imagine how I felt when I saw an elaborate display of all of my favourite things (and more!)	statement	db
I will always come here when I visit Singapore.	statement	db
Saturday buffet spread is also good enough with grilled meat station, pasta station, pizza, the awesome antipasti bar, dessert spread and a smaller selection of Asian food for those who just need to have Asian cuisine.	statement	db
What I like is the dinner where you get a choice of main to go with the antipasti bar and dessert buffet.	statement	db
The selection is not overwhelming but what they have is all of good quality.	statement	db
I will definitely be back when I am in the mood for good Italian food.	statement	db
It really depends on what floats your boat.	statement	db
Because everything you need to be all filled up is on that buffet... and who needs an actual main.	statement	db
Eat a light lunch, maybe a salad, and just light snacks, and make sure when you sit down in Basilico, you're ravenous.	statement	db
I really don't understand why everyone rated this place 5 stars because everything just tasted average.	statement	db
This is one of our ""go to"" food centres when we're in Singapore.	statement	db
One thing that was a little different here and something that I will soon find out if it is the norm here in Singapore is that when the drinks were brought out we had to pay for them right then, it was the same when the food arrived, the plates were placed on the table and you pay right then and there.	statement	db
I have no way of judging what she ate so I'll chalk it up her indifference to different cultural influences, cooking styles, and local ingredients.	statement	db
A little bit deflated, I went to meet the others for dinner, wondering what could be so special about flat rice noodles.	statement	db
However, when we arrived, we learned they were closed on Mondays.	statement	db
http://tinyurl.com/a2fpw5z  Beef Kway Teow - This is what we were here for and it was worth the trip.	statement	db
i can see why the beef kway teow here is so well known.	statement	db
Driving and parking is always a headache in Geylang, where it seems no one is afraid of getting run down by a car.	statement	db
The standard of the beef horfun is fairly inconsistent, where the horfun is pre-cooked and the gravy is poured onto it when the store is busy.	statement	db
Most people are under the idea that there's only beef kway teow available here, but what they don't realize is that there's more than just the signature stir-fried beef kway teow.	statement	db
I cant understand why anyone likes this place!	statement	db
I don't even know where to start.	statement	db
The variety of pastries was amazing and your biggest challenge will likely be deciding on what to try, and considering how busy this place was the staff seemed friendly and efficient.	statement	db
I blame my visiting aunt, who was really just being nice when she brought over the first lot.	statement	db
You must be thinking why this mad woman categorise the restaurant as Korean when the name already tells you it's French.	statement	db
there is no order when e place is pack as this place is free seating, there is no need to queue for a table at e entrance.	statement	db
note to self : wear a bib when having this.	statement	db
Indulge in a lazy afternoon with its brunch items, the best seller being the Cheese Omelette With A Difference ($18.00, and what a name).	statement	db
It's hard to point out one particular must-have here at this oddly named Korean bakery, but you know you're in for good food when you're buying from a shop with an awful name.	statement	db
One down side is that the prices can be pretty steep for what one may consider as an 'upmarket' bread talk (or a korean Tiong Bahru Bakery).	statement	db
From what I gather, the bread range is no less different from its US outlets but in addition, it also featured a few from its sister brand Paris Croissant such as Monkey bread, Green Olive Boomerang, half Chocolate Ring et cetra.	statement	db
It makes a good bite-sized if variety is what you are looking for.	statement	db
Now I see why it has been a hit among the Koreans who care less about the 290kcal each.	statement	db
The distinct barbequed/grilled taste had me at the first bite and will be what I'm returning for!	statement	db
The spicy chasiu ramen was delicious but they weren't kidding when they said hot.	statement	db
Not very impressed and found the food to be rather spending in comparison to what you receive (S$20 for ramen & can of iced tea).	statement	db
And that was exactly what I did, after my Japanese lessons across the road.	statement	db
I ordered the Truffle Ramen (my heart ached a bit when I saw that it was $38 before tax), then looked through the rest of their offerings.	statement	db
Good enough for tourist or hotel guests staying in the area who are too lazy to wander further down orchard road.	statement	db
best time to come is when they open at 11.30am!	statement	db
Prices were quite high for what you get, but the taste was good enough.	statement	db
compared to what i had before, i prefer the uma ramen, e soup base just suited my taste buds better.	statement	db
Just don't get a shock when you find yourself paying $7 and upwards for a dish.	statement	db
We chose Food Republic since there are a million different options so you get a lot of variety depending on what you feel like eating.	statement	db
It was pretty crowded when we went around 1pm, but as we walked toward the back, there was a lot of empty seating.	statement	db
The funny part is when we purchased avocado juice from the juice stall.	statement	db
But oh well, Gen X and Y kids like me were sold by the ambiance because when we were born here, these places seems to cease to exit already (Perhaps the only 'authentic' one left is the one along China Town road).	statement	db
So do give her rojak a try when you are there, it's situated next to the BBQ chicken wing store.. she should be there reading a newspaper or a magazine when you walked by her store.	statement	db
I got here right when it opened at 11 and got right in with no wait.	statement	db
They have pictures of what they serve so it's easy to figure out what you would like.	statement	db
I actually lack the vocab to tell you why I love it.	statement	db
First thing came to my mind when I ate this was: comfort food.	statement	db
That kind of taste you'll miss when you are far from home.	statement	db
That also means the staff is on hand to make sure customers wait outside (with order chit and menu) and will assign tables to those in line as and when seats are available.	statement	db
Although, now I'm inclined to know what the real one in KL tastes like!	statement	db
And judging from the number of articles/facebook shares this got when it first opened, it seems that quite a few of my friends share my fervent cravings for this place too.	statement	db
Honestly I have no idea why it took so long, considering how standard the order was.	statement	db
Will return, but not so soon... perhaps when the hype finally dies down.	statement	db
The Signature Dry Chilli Pan Mee ($5) looks like an ordinary dry ban mian when it was served out, but after mixing the chilli paste that is provided on the table, it's not hard to see why this is one of the favourites here.	statement	db
Even when there are 2 or 3 of us.	statement	db
It's recommended (by my friend who got the inside of her nose burned by hot spurting juices) to poke a little hole at the top.	statement	db
5) Claypot fishhead - We always used to see lots of people ordering this and finally when I brought my family and had enough people I got to try it.	statement	db
Service and atmosphere weren't stellar but that's not why you visit a place like this.	statement	db
If you've lived in Shanghai for a bit as an expat you'll know what I mean.	statement	db
They had tables free but said they were full when called.	statement	db
aunty can be sweet too, IF you follow a few simple rules: 1) do stay at least one metre away from the stall when queuing.	statement	db
2) do speak only when spoken to 3) do not try to cut queue.	statement	db
4) do come back in good time or stay within visual range after you have placed your order as they will only make your order when they know you are ready to collect immediately.	statement	db
5) do not mess up her stall by spilling the chilli infused soy sauce or the precious prawn broth when collecting your order.	statement	db
Now when it comes to Prawn Mee, the one thing I think we can all agree on, is that the tastes and preferences of our locals differs quite substantially.	statement	db
Believe me when I said that I've tried many ""famous"" places since the 80s till now.	statement	db
I'm caught in between opinions when it comes to this store and here's my experience -  I was lucky enough to join the queue on a Saturday morning minutes before noon and only queued about 30mins for this ( I heard it can be up to an hour plus).	statement	db
However I'm used to having my soup a little bit more on the saltier side when it comes to prawn Mee.	statement	db
And when I say big, I mean BIG big.	statement	db
When I crave for prawn mee, this is where I go for my fix.	statement	db
The order staff was flustered, and rather rude when handling my requests.	statement	db
I might come back for a croissant or macaroon to go, but just that.. Maybe it would be a cute place to hang out in the afternoon, when the place is hopefully less crowded.	statement	db
Service may be a little slack depending on where you sit.	statement	db
But the staff are very helpful to coordinate a little birthday surprise, when requested.	statement	db
If the 3 waitresses are busy and hence delay the service which is forgivable but all I saw was 3 waitresses look a bit lost and don't know what they are doing, walking up and down for nothing.	statement	db
3) When I called Antoinette's main store, the staff said they still had some stocks on Penhas Road.	statement	db
But despite what Marie-Antoinette says, one can not live off cake alone.	statement	db
The ambiance is fabulous, in a trendy ladies who lunch kind of way.	statement	db
I don't get why this place has mediocre reviews.	statement	db
If you're a person who enjoys France, this is a place you'll simply love!	statement	db
The service is exactly what you'd expect from the French.	statement	db
If you're wondering what the bubble sitting on the top of the cake is - it's a raspberry coulis that you can burst to get raspberry sauce all over your cake.	statement	db
I can't remember what exactly went inside it but it was just a little pretty pot of caramel goodness.	statement	db
It's quite convenient to get to from Lavender MRT, about 5 to 10 mins walk, just cross the road from when you exit the MRT beside the ICA Building and then walk straight and turn left at penhas road.	statement	db
Walking around trying to think of what to eat for dinner, my husband pointed to this tiny shop.	statement	db
So we line up, I order our food and wanted to find in, alas all the seats were taken and no one seemed to care that we had a 3year old in tow who needed to be fed.	statement	db
Tori-Q is great for a quick bite when one has neither the time nor effort to sit down for a full yakitori meal.	statement	db
I used to wonder who would buy chicken skin until I tried it ... and I was sold!	statement	db
Opening the door, we were expecting to be hit by a wave of muskiness from the old items on display but was pleasantly surprised when the place smelt pretty.... Good!	statement	db
Drinks:  Lemon Lime Float & CoCo Melaka   What better way to add to the nostalgia of the cafe than with a drink that reminds us of the past.	statement	db
I didn't know what happened in the middle, but I have recently started coming here again.	statement	db
But there was a tiny bit avocado on the top when there use to be like at least a quarter of an avocado on it.	statement	db
Overall, though not what I initially expected, all is good   Fish and chips - still good!	statement	db
So my rating of this place comes with a bit of reminiscence of 3 years ago, mixed with what I still feel for it now...	statement	db
PoTeaTo is snuggled in the new ""in"" place of Singapore - the sleepy heartlands of Tiong Bahru, where various other eateries and cafes have mushroomed.	statement	db
I liked the ambiance because it was relatively peaceful without too many people and the it is then the food is able to shine when you truly enjoy it with the environment.	statement	db
Kudos to the service staff who were attentive and friendly.	statement	db
The crowd here is more or less synonymous with what you find at all the other shops that have opened in the now-hip Yong Siak stretch, but I must say that the food here is quite to my liking.	statement	db
The crowds here are less boisterous so you can enjoy dinner in relative peace but when it gets crowded, there might be a short queue.	statement	db
I had the bangers & mash, while my partner had a lasagna (can't remember what exactly it's called).	statement	db
Yong Siak street is currently THE place to be, what with its too-cool-for-school coffee joints and quirky arty shops.	statement	db
That's basically what PoTeaTo is.	statement	db
When he asked me to take him to taste local food, I did not know where to go since I am not very familiar with this area.	statement	db
The portion size was just right for me, though I can think of a few people who would complain as the rice portion is a little less than usual.	statement	db
My first visit here was more than 2 years ago when I first visited the Tiong Bahru neighborhood and before the big wave of gentrification.	statement	db
We went for dinner with friends who live closeby.	statement	db
I've never heard about this store before but when I ate here for a first time, I fell in love with the pork cutlet with curry and steamed white rice.	statement	db
I'd recommend this to anyone who likes Japanese katsu curry with pork cutlet.	statement	db
Five stars to my buddy who insisted on getting the tofu before any further orders (desserts, drinks, you name it) would happen.	statement	db
Don't be put off when both the reservation taker and hostess confirm you have exactly 90-minutes to enjoy your duck love fest before hitting the road.	statement	db
I'm not usually a big fan of wontons and would never order them myself but couldn't resist trying one of hubby's when I saw how perfectly crisp and crunchy the skin was.	statement	db
The third and final serving is the one where you can choose how you would like the remaining duck meat to be cooked.	statement	db
After hearing such wonderful reviews about the Peking duck served here, I was deeply disappointed by what I had today.	statement	db
So when put in the wrap, it was a lot of meat, not enough skin.	statement	db
You know you ordered too much when the waitstaff said that should be sufficient when we wanted to add on from the roast meat section.	statement	db
Service is fast and efficient, but the place does get a bit manic when it's busy.	statement	db
There were 5 of us who wanted to go on our mission to ""devour a duck"".	statement	db
That evening when we got to the table, the greeter gave us a order chit indicating that we order 1 duck.	statement	db
We had the impression that they may give us the 2nd order chit for the duck when we request for it.	statement	db
She and a few other servers had a priceless look on their face when they heard.	statement	db
and true to the name, it is in fact super and full of treasures when it comes to peking duck.	statement	db
the duckis sliced at your table (try to get a booth) in what seems like seconds.	statement	db
Upon arrival we stood what felt like ages in front of the ""reception desk"" with it being obvious that none other then the elderly gentleman behind the desk - we assume the owner - being entitled to welcome us and provide us with a table.	statement	db
I've been in Singapore for a week now and this was the place where I had the best food.	statement	db
Be sure to take a taxi who knows how to get there!	statement	db
This review is long overdue as its been a couple years since I went to Iggy's, but still think fondly about the meal and recommend it to everyone I know who is coming to Singapore.	statement	db
I recommended just asking someone who works there for directions.	statement	db
We did do a ""half bottle"" of a nice Spanish Tempranillo, however, where instead of opening a half bottle of wine, they use their Coravin device - something I feel is more appropriate for doing high end wine by the glass rather than saying you are selling a ""half bottle.""	statement	db
We opted for the full Gastronomic Menu and were presented with the following:  - Snacks - you get a few pre courses which include a platter with a bunch of charcoal stones where only two are edible.	statement	db
- For the main course you have the option of a rabbit stew ($225), lamb ($250) or Hida Waygu Striploin ($275) where I'm sure the majority of people would opt for the latter and better sounding option.	statement	db
Love when restaurants use local ingredients and flavors.	statement	db
It will be interesting to see what Michelin does with this one next month.	statement	db
Not cheap but that's not why you would go here.	statement	db
For a fine dining establishment, I expected top notch service such as napkin placement when you are seated, napkin folded when you leave your seat, and a better explanation of each dish.	statement	db
Overall, Iggy's had some nice dishes with unique gastronomic concepts and deserves a visit when you are in Singapore.	statement	db
Even after we spend $85++ pp having the prestige of having their lunch tasting menu here, I have to say I think is money well spent and I will gladly come back again next time when I am in town.	statement	db
Dress Code in Effect: No shorts during lunch.. but the staff handled it gracefully even when my Yelp friend waltzed into the restaurant with his shorts...  * The most expensive lunch specials I ever had... but still a bargain compare to dinner at $195++, but worth that price tag for this gastronomic experience!	statement	db
My fiance was very disappointed when they served you a plate of raw green leaves...	statement	db
I am certainly not sure why they selected the 60's/70's style swivel chairs.	statement	db
Sometimes it was a girl, then it was a guy, then it was another guy, and most of the time, I couldn't really make out what they were saying.	statement	db
Pretty sad that they try to nickel and dime you when it's usually something that accomapnies desserts in course meals.	statement	db
Iggy's was supposely voted one of the top 50 best restaurants in Asia, and prior to our dinner we were wondering why it hadn't earned a Michelin yet.	statement	db
he was the one who lead us to the the table.	statement	db
There are other little surprises that you'll encounter through the meal that play with your expectations and ideas of what a dish should be like, but I won't spoil any of the other surprises here.	statement	db
I preferred it when they had a pot on each table as it is better for the environment.	statement	db
The noodles are exactly what I like.	statement	db
I mean I know why I guess.	statement	db
3.5 stars  Lowlights: - Just laksa, nasi lasek, and opak opak so have people who want other items go elsewhere and meet you after - Outdoor version so can get hot compared to the AC options inside   Glad I discovered another dish I'd eat again.	statement	db
There wasn't many people when I went, maybe because it was during off peak hours.	statement	db
I do recommend sitting indoors because there is a/c and trust me you will be sweating when eating that bowl of laksa.	statement	db
It was a little bland for me, so make sure to add a packet of the sauce that comes with the bowl of noodles (from what I remember it comes with 2 packets, but charge per packet after that).	statement	db
They used to care more and well, from someone who have lived right next to the store for years, you could taste it too.	statement	db
Don't think I can eat this too often though~ Must try it once when you are in Singapore though!	statement	db
There are a few branches of this in Singapore and from what I heard, this is the best.	statement	db
It's a good thing we occasionally like different things, because I could eat what he doesn't like and he can eat what I don't like.	statement	db
I was told here to come here by a friend who grew up in Singapore and if you're looking for laksa, this is the place to go.	statement	db
So for those who doesn't really eat spicy, this laksa should be good.	statement	db
There were at least 50 photos plastered on the walls, of celebrities who have slurped in these seats including Anthony Bourdain.	statement	db
I supposed this has become a tourist attraction and gone are the days where cheap and good can go hand in hand.	statement	db
Our waiter gave us a whopping 2 seconds before asking what we wanted.	statement	db
Pardon my ignorance if I can't recall the name of it or what it's exactly made of.	statement	db
They say they cut the white, thin, & round noodles enough where you can just spoon it out.	statement	db
The coconut-curry soup base is rich and should be attacked immediately when it lands on your table while it's still steaming out of the pot.	statement	db
I guess that's why she chose it and I'm glad we checked it out because it was another enjoyable meal.	statement	db
We were lucky to stop by when it wasn't packed and I did notice other tourists meddling around.	statement	db
Although tasty, I have a preference for long noodles which is probably why I personally rate it slightly lower.	statement	db
It should carry some weight, then, when I say that after three extensive trips to the country (each with a top priority and extensive research of dining), that this is the best dish I've had.	statement	db
I have visited Singapore 9 times when my boyfriend was studying there.	statement	db
I first came to know Laksa and loooooooved it when I studied in Sydney, Australia but I had to try it Singapore where it came from.	statement	db
I had no idea what laksa was, but after reading some good yelp reviews decided to check this place out as it's near the hotel and open on a weekday morning.	statement	db
Lines can be long depending on what time of day you go, especially with some patrons making some large orders.	statement	db
If you walk up and happen to be 2nd or 3rd in the queue, don't be surprised if there are 5+ people ahead of you who put in big orders and are waiting on the side!	statement	db
If you can, remember who was in front of you so you have an idea when your order comes up.	statement	db
This is one of our ""go to"" food centres when we're in Singapore because of it's proximity to our lodging with family.	statement	db
I'd also recommend that people look inside for seats too when seeking a seat as although it's a little warmer in the humidity of Singapore, quite often it's easier to sneak a seat and don't park illegally as you will most likely get a ticket.	statement	db
Rude lady boss but she don't give a flying f*** what u think!	statement	db
So when your fish head steamboat arrives, the aunties will let you to choose their side dishes.	statement	db
There are numerous photos of notable people who have dined there on the wall.	statement	db
This is mainly Thai food and there aren't many local dishes, unlike what the previous reviewer stated.	statement	db
But don't just take my word for it - the Thai Embassy has used this restaurant for catering (which is why we have tried it in the first place!)	statement	db
Always start with the scone when doing tea.	statement	db
It kind of sets the tone for tea (that and you really should eat it when it's hot) and i knew i was in for a great time when i bit into the crusty and dense pastry slathered with chantilly cream and a tinge of orange ginger jam.	statement	db
And once when my fiance ordered a fish dish wrapped in baking paper, the chef actually took the effort to come to our table and explain how to best eat the dish!	statement	db
The bread itself is choke full of walnuts which some people who dislike nuts may want to avoid but I guess having some walnuts are still beneficial to the brain   The American Like the previous one, the portion is good for sharing.	statement	db
Located in the middle of the luscious green botanical gardens, Halia has glass windows where its patrons can periodically glance out to enjoy the gorgeous surroundings.	statement	db
I have climbed highest mountain I have run through the fields Only to be with you Only to be with you  I have run I have crawled I have scaled these city walls These city walls Only to be with you  But I think I have found what I'm looking for But I think I have found what I'm looking for  say goodbye to no good vietnamese food!	statement	db
here at banh mi 888, i have indeed found what i'm looking for.	statement	db
I have kissed honey lips Felt the healing in her fingertips It burned like fire This burning desire  I have spoke with the tongue of angels I have held the hand of a devil It was warm in the night I was cold as a stone  But I think I have found what I'm looking for But I think I have found what I'm looking for  cristal, one of the three partners of banh mi 888, is such a delight to engage with.	statement	db
sorry, i stand corrected, you will leave hungry but hungry for more of what banh mi 888 has to offer!	statement	db
I believe in the kingdom come Then all the colors will bleed into one Bleed into one Well yes I'm still running  You broke the bonds and you Loosed the chains Carried the cross Of my shame Of my shame You know I believed it  But I think I have found what I'm looking for But I think I have found what I'm looking for But I think I have found what I'm looking for But I think I have found what I'm looking for	statement	db
But unfortunately tis the case for Shabu Shabu Gen because we just thought it was double what it was worth.	statement	db
There were a couple of non-beef eaters amongst us who abstained due to religious reasons, so they ordered steamed fish and pork loin instead, and pronounced both commendable.	statement	db
If your from the US, this is not going to be what you expect from the name.	statement	db
TripAdvisor and Google review are also all over the map so I wanted to check this place out myself and see what Michelin saw in awarding it a star.	statement	db
However, that is where the mixed experience began:  The good: - The starters we ordered we quite frankly the BEST I've ever eaten at any high end Indian restaurant anywhere.	statement	db
I went here for Sunday lunch right when they opened.	statement	db
I dont plan on coming back and wonder what Michellen saw in this place.	statement	db
The interior is pretty nice but a little too dark when you go for lunch.	statement	db
It felt like I was having dinner and got blinded by the sun when I got out.	statement	db
Someone who knew what he was doing took charge of the ordering and did a commendable job.	statement	db
Indeed, when I was there for lunch one weekday, there were only three tables filled, including ours.	statement	db
The naans are a little on the chewier side than what I'm used to though.	statement	db
Definitely higher priced for Indian food, but then again I always feel like a princess when eating here.	statement	db
On the A list when I am in Singapore.	statement	db
I have not tried the buffet which does not get rave reviews but then what do you expect.	statement	db
Carbonara ($7) Linguine, black pig bacon, egg I also topup $1 for truffle oil which smelt quite nice when the pasta was served.	statement	db
You know a restaurant is good when they have limited hours--make sure to try Ah Bongs during their lunch hours!	statement	db
Ah Bong only operates in the day but it's a good way to enjoy relatively inexpensive ($6-9) quality pasta in an al fresco setting with the Monkey King Temple right in front of you and hey, if you also crave yong tofu, it's right beside you when you finished the pasta!	statement	db
I must confess that I had super high expectations coming here, what with the high praise from various websites (""food blogs"") online.	statement	db
I was starving when I came here and we all know that hunger is the best seasoning.	statement	db
The place is located in a hidden place where one can enter through Uma Uma Ramen which is located above it.	statement	db
Tastes not bad, except that I have gone through a terrible experience with the staffs when ordering the drink.	statement	db
The billing of the drink is not what I expected.	statement	db
Walk in, wave at the staff and say you're going downstairs, press the button that's slightly hidden on the side of the wall, watch as the black door just swooshes open, and descend to the basement where all the liquor is!	statement	db
I couldn't describe what I had, because every drink is slightly different, but the Sophie/Sophia is really amazing.	statement	db
And don't get a shock when you get the bill.	statement	db
I couldn't tell you exactly what I had, because in each case I ordered off menu and let the boys do their thing after hinting at a few ingredients that float my boat.	statement	db
This was not what we were looking for but if you are looking for hit and miss $30 drinks then definitely check it out.	statement	db
Pro-tip: ask him why he hates the Moscow Mule cocktail.	statement	db
Just tell Louis what you feel like drinking and he'll cook something up for you.	statement	db
No matter though, this meant we got to chat with the bartender (Louis, who is awesome).	statement	db
He's what they call a mixologist - he'll make you something based on what you tell him: how you feel, what you had for lunch, and maybe even your horoscope... no promises on that last one though.	statement	db
It would be pretty sub-par if you had to stand or wait to order, but should you go when there is space at the bar I think you'll enjoy your cocktail adventure as much as I did.	statement	db
It's a scary thought though when 1 bartender makes up the majority of the experience, so lets just hope the Horse's Mouth can keep Louis around for awhile.	statement	db
The menu was an entire book with photos, so it's quite good for foreigners who can't speak the local language.	statement	db
Nothing spectacular and tasted similar to what you'll get any where else.	statement	db
I have to admit I was sorely disappointed when I eagerly arrived here this afternoon for some long-awaited dimsum.	statement	db
So no matter what time your craving for dim sum is, just head down to 126.	statement	db
But who cares so much if they serve really really yummy food here.	statement	db
All of the items come with a photo which is nice for those who might not be familiar.	statement	db
But if you really cannot decide what to order, just peep over to the next table and I'm sure that will give you a good idea what to order (personal advice: go for the siew mai and century egg porridge; avoid the chee cheong fun!).	statement	db
A good place to go to for supper with decent prices and fairly okay waiting times, the portions of the dim sum might be a tad small for those who are used to bigger portions, so it might be wiser to order two of each to save on waiting times.	statement	db
Whatever this place is called, I just know where it is and how to get there!	statement	db
I learnt my lesson and decided to go there during dinner when the sun has set and you can enjoy the outdoor ambience.	statement	db
BBQed with lime wasn't what I was expecting but the wings were juicy and sweet with the barbecue sauce.	statement	db
Hits and misses but I think their pastas is what I will go for if I ever visit again.	statement	db
The waiter tried to balance 8 glasses and dropped them when all he had to do was wall 20 steps an extra time which was quite shabby.	statement	db
Find another country, anyone who has spent more than a day or two knows you can not look out of Singapore without seeing the ships, that is the nature of the country and the busy port.	statement	db
I highly recommend this place for families with children, just not when I am there because they are already filling up ;)	statement	db
Honestly, the thought of this burger, coupled with Siloso beach and a beautiful sunset is enough to make me want to drop what I'm doing and get back on a plane to Singapore!	statement	db
Relatively pricey for what you get.	statement	db
Very promptly they took it away, send a manager who handled it with pure professionalism that normal you don't find in Singapore.	statement	db
If you're heading to Sentosa, this is ideally where you would go eat.	statement	db
A really casual, right-on-the-beach spot that enables you to enjoy the tranquility of the waves without all the commercial antics of the rest of Sentosa (at least based on what I saw as we drove/walked past everything else to get here).	statement	db
I should have probably ordered a Tiger beer instead of the Singapore Sling, but figured I had to try it at some point, so why not do it in a tropical setting...just realized it isn't quite my thing, so the beer would have likely been better.	statement	db
They do take reservations and were prompt in responding to my online inquiry and flexible when the number in our party changed.	statement	db
the sand's nice, peace and quiet when i was there, but their blue and white wooden 'lounge' chairs ---far from CSI Miami's comffy ones haha---means you better bring out yr own cushions unless you don't mind a sore bum after 15 minutes.	statement	db
Another Sentosa chill out fave of mine, Coastes doesn't get large crowds when I visit and is quiet so I can just peace out.	statement	db
They have old fashioned wooden lounge chairs down by the water where you can enjoy a beer and contemplate the meaning of life or whatever's on your mind.	statement	db
However, the most beautiful architecture does not help when the main purpose of a place does not live up to its premise.	statement	db
I have always felt that it is nice and calm and have always received good service here even when it is busy.	statement	db
Definitely recommend to anyone who wants to visit the cafe.	statement	db
Some staff even got annoyed when being called them.	statement	db
(I thought I may just had a portion that happen to be near the heat lamp so I tried another side of the dish) They insisted to give me another which when u explained that I do not like warm Caesar Salads.	statement	db
:) Hubby ordered the shepherd's pie, which was good, but not what he expected.	statement	db
--- Atmosphere --- PS Cafe on 28B Harding Road isn't easy to find unless you know what you're looking for, but when you do find it, you'll realize why.	statement	db
Chalkboards subtly hint at menu options in discreet locations, while the volume stays at a level where you're not afraid to talk above a whisper, but neither are you struggling to hear what your buddies are talking about.	statement	db
(I have only been impressed with one dessert in Singapore, but I think PS.Cafe has what it takes to get the desserts on the map.)	statement	db
I made reservation so I did not have to wait long before seated (Poor lady in front of me who didn't make prior reservation had to wait quite a bit).	statement	db
So my friends didn't get why I was raving about it.	statement	db
2 stars for inattentive staff who either couldn't be bothered or just poorly trained.	statement	db
The drinks are a little overpriced but not unreasonable, especially when you consider its in the Dempsey area; everything is pricier there.	statement	db
You have to enter a phone number so they can call you when your table is ready which can be an issue with international roaming fees.	statement	db
Not once did our waitress check on us to see if our food was good, when serving, they just drop off the food and don't comment on what the dish is.	statement	db
Nestled amidst lush greenery, when you sit outdoors it's almost possible to forget you're still in Singapore.	statement	db
They have a great mushroom soup, though I forget exactly what they call it, and an excellent selection of cocktails.	statement	db
Overall it's a little pricey to be a regular fixture on my weekly schedule, but a great place to head to when you want to meet up with friends you haven't seen in forever.	statement	db
This outlet, while quaintly surrounded by the greenery, is not recommended if you don't drive - well you can take a cab there but will have to call for a cab when you're done.	statement	db
The glass house, the green surrounding, the truffle fries, the cakes - it's one of the must go places in my opinion and I recommend it to all of my friends who visit Singapore.	statement	db
This was one of my favorite places to do brunch when I lived in Singapore.	statement	db
Really like this place can't believe I've only just discovered it - have always known it was here, but its so well hidden behind the foliage in Dempsey that you don't really notice it when you drive past - it has a little secret garden feel to it walking up to the place, but once you're inside its high ceilings, lights, cake, laughter - the quiet exterior is completely different from the warm interior.	statement	db
There are several reasons why I might brag about it, firstly its free, secondly its just by the road so its only a short distance walk, thirdly its a change from all the systematic parking you'll find in Singapore.	statement	db
I do enjoy good parking lots :P  The one and only reason why I frequent this place, the ambiance is to die for!	statement	db
So lesson learned -- stick to their basics -- Ceasar Salad, Truffle Fries, Eggs Benedict... Service also becomes bad when they are full -- so avoid weekends!	statement	db
So, don't fuss over what to order, unless you're super picky.	statement	db
Cafe outlets are pretty solid when it comes to food quality, I've found.	statement	db
You will have to wait unless you get here when they open, which is at 10am.	statement	db
And I should not have to wait 15 minutes for you to bring my bill, only to discover that you've brought the wrong bill, and then worry that you don't know what we ordered in the first place.	statement	db
That's what matter at this place.	statement	db
Beware though, it's kind of expensive for what you get - but it's Singapore, everything is expensive.	statement	db
Though when you have a restaurant in a fantastic location, that provides the full package in terms of service, food and ambience its not hard to see why its so busy	statement	db
A pricey establishment indeed but set a in quieter part of Dempsey facing lush greenery, probably best experienced when you seat alfresco.	statement	db
This is one of the first places in Singapore where I tried the Sticky Date Pudding and it was pretty good.	statement	db
Just be careful when starting a tab as they may overcalculate your drinks once Happy Hours ends.	statement	db
Will definitely return when I visit Singapore again.	statement	db
The beer was cold and about what expected.	statement	db
the pork rib is not super tender, but it's good enough, and easily overlooked when considering how damn good their broth is.	statement	db
For those who likes really very peppery soup, this is for you!!!	statement	db
Even when the soup is too peppery for me, I had my soup refilled once.	statement	db
The more expensive long rib, the meat seems to be more dry when compared to the short rib.	statement	db
A friend of a friend is a local in Singapore and brought us to this place when we asked her to bring us somewhere we had to try.	statement	db
That's why Ng Ah Sio is very famous in Hong Kong and I am curious to see how good it is.	statement	db
I went with my family who were in town for a short visit.	statement	db
We definitely felt very full after the meal and I understand why this is a popular item among early Chinese settlers, especially the laborers.	statement	db
Must try when in Singapore.	statement	db
the broth served up here is hot and strongly peppery, but I think a little too salty (though I find more bak kut tehs a little too salted for comfort), and slightly akin to what I boiled up from a packet*, while studying in london.	statement	db
It's very peppery and bold in flavor, which is why I prefer it compared to the others.	statement	db
It's got a prettily renovated shop on the same spot where it has been for many years.	statement	db
I don't know what kind of witchcraft they do here, but the grills really are smokeless.	statement	db
I don't ever recall leaving and smelling like what I just ate.	statement	db
but fear not when you dine here, even if you do decide to include wagyu in your dietary plans.	statement	db
but it is the delightful experience of a naked charcoal fire, without the smoky perfumery and the innate ability of their staff to see to it that you get a fresh grill as and when you need it, that i like.	statement	db
If you're not sure what to pair your cheeses with, don't fret.	statement	db
Will probably be back when I'm in a more cheese-inquiring mood.	statement	db
I literally love looking at packing and unique brands and thats what this place is all about.	statement	db
It is where I reach a constant and even emotional state where everything feels like warm sand on your feet while looking at calm blue water.	statement	db
I don't even feel this chill when I actually have warm sand on my feet while looking at calm blue water.	statement	db
It was fun perusing the stuff that looked familiar to you back home though you're in the middle of Singapore where it was 90 some degree F in November.	statement	db
That was some serious cheese storage for South East Asia where their idea of cheese is milk processed into cube wrapped in blue Kraft box and called it ""Processed Cheddar.""	statement	db
The only response we got is, ""order what you like as what I recommend does not matter.""	statement	db
but with a huge walk-in cheese refrigerator where a cheese chef will help you taste and pick out your customized cheese platter, or for some additions to your charcuterie tray, you can't beat this place.	statement	db
I love coming to the Dempsey outlet of Jones the Grocer on weekdays when I'm around town and have a couple of hours to spare.	statement	db
The staff are very chilled, attentive and ready to take your order when you're ready, but know how to give you your space to just relax.	statement	db
Really one of those rare places with a great atmosphere where you can escape from the bustling city.	statement	db
It makes our lives a lot easier when you need to split the bill.	statement	db
Also cool: FREE WIFI (which is what I'm using to write this review now) FTW.	statement	db
The cold cuts and seafood are extremely fresh best eaten when paired with something from their extensive cheese cellar.	statement	db
Okay, the bad: This is possibly the worst service I've ever seen at a 5 star hotel and definitely not on par with what the Grand Hyatt supposedly offers.	statement	db
Sofas and armchairs are plenty for those who prefer to laze.	statement	db
There's plenty of nooks and corners you can plonk yourself at should you want to enjoy a little privacy, unlike the crowded Martini Bar upstairs and one of the better spots we've found was right at the back of the lounge where you can sit back and enjoy your drink in peace.	statement	db
Finally what would a high tea be without dessert, from mini éclairs to Japanese red bean pancakes, 10 Scotts has it covered.	statement	db
Large apple tea ($4.50) - 3.5 stars  Ambience - 5 stars Came here to play a board game with friends in the afternoon when it wasn't too crowded.	statement	db
Upon going into the restaurant, you will be given a card that will be used to swipe the food or beverages you choose from the different sections and pay when you are about to exit the restaurant.	statement	db
I go in cycles where I get obsessed with restaurants and this is my latest.	statement	db
I think there was a five day span last month where I ate here six times.	statement	db
The rosti enables me to eat what is essentially a cake of french fries and not feel as bad about it because it is so fresh, and the raclette is divine.	statement	db
They serve different selection where you can try before ordering.	statement	db
There are days when the crepe taste heavenly and days when it taste like soggy prata.	statement	db
I love the payment system of this restaurant - you get a payment card, you visit a station, pick what you want to eat, hand them your card, they charge the amount to the card and they hand it back.	statement	db
It was one of the first restaurant to introduce the card system where all spending will be charged in a card handed to the customer and on leaving the place, produce the card to the cashier.	statement	db
They use the card system here, so splitting a bill is never an issue, since you're paying for what you eat.	statement	db
Also, what you see is what you pay, since there is no additional ++.	statement	db
The restaurant is primarily aimed at vegetarians but will veganize even the set menu when asked.	statement	db
If you can't decide what to eat, there are good set menus for pairs and larger groups.	statement	db
I had a healthy phase about 3 or 4 years back where I tormented everybody with my sudden fascination for all things vegetarian.	statement	db
When you order the chicken, you can select your cut of what kind of chicken meat you want, and it comes with some pickled vegetables and a serving of chicken soup.	statement	db
I had the food to go but when I pass by this place it's always packed at night.	statement	db
And given that Five Star is of closest proximity to my abode, it's no wonder that this is my first pick when poultry cravings hit.	statement	db
Sure, it is a slightly more expensive that what you usually pay for chicken rice, but come on, it can't be more expensive than what you pay at Chatterbox!	statement	db
Here is what we got: jellyfish appetizer  Peking duck  Roasted crispy chicken Salted egg fried prawns  Sweet and sour pork  Shredded chicken with beancurd  Shark fin soup  Winter melon soup  Crab fried noodle  Mango pudding  Mango sago with pomelo  It honestly felt like a Chinese wedding dinner.	statement	db
What i enjoyed most was the Shanghainese Jazz singers who performed a couple of sets during the reception- very entertaining.	statement	db
The food is fantastic, service is ehh (our waiter constantly struggled to finish his train of thought when trying to explain something or answering one of our my queries), ambience, well, it's a little run-down (its Geylang after all).	statement	db
Did a last minute check with the buddy who stays in the area as our ""dictionary"" for food is running out of ideas as we were quite limited to the usual Beef Kway Teow and Frog Porridge in Geylang for dinner.	statement	db
The environment gave a feel that we are in Malaysia and even the variety of drinks they served is so closed to what the usual coffeeshops in Malaysia offers, Ice Jelly, Herbal Tea and even Lime juice with sour plum.	statement	db
Loving the way how this dish is prepared in the aluminum pack and slit open in front of us when being served on our table.	statement	db
He remembered where people were seated and what they ordered.	statement	db
A generous lashing of hae kor (prawn paste sauce) was added to the dish when served.	statement	db
Penang Hokkien Mee - this was what we called prawn noodle soup.	statement	db
If you think you're not gonna eat much, just order the next smaller portion to what he suggested.	statement	db
Dim Sum Lunch  Best was the service from Ms Goh Chai Hong who helped me with a bag all the way to the entrance as I was in crutches.	statement	db
I'll assume he's speaking factually and CJ should assume I am too when I say we won't be back.	statement	db
very good chinese food.. ridiculously expensive..   the bbq duck is excellent.. our friends enjoyed their winter melon soup.. cereal prawns are excellent.. service was also quite attentive.. the reason it doesn't score higher is the price.. maybe i'm used to prices in southern california or vancouver where you can also get world class chinese food	statement	db
Didnt know what I was eating but all goiod.	statement	db
There's also a buzzer to let us know when our food is ready.	statement	db
Perfect for those who always order their drinks as ""siu dai"" (less sweet) as this is their normal.	statement	db
It got noisy when packed and you could hardly hear yourself think.	statement	db
Perfect for those like me who wants to enjoy a quiet traditional breakfast of a cup of kopi, soft boiled eggs and kaya bread but dont want the noise and crowds at the popular Ya Kun.	statement	db
Even better is the orange ciabatta where the tinge of orange zest complements perfectly with the smooth pandan kaya.	statement	db
The mango snow ice was what I had ordered.	statement	db
Located near the ION Food Opera, this crammed place is filled with patrons who are all in a state of peace because the desserts are out of this world delicious.	statement	db
I know what I am going to have for dessert the moment I step inside Mei Heong Yuen Dessert in Ion Orchard!	statement	db
And what made the snow ice at  Mei Heong Yuen Dessert quite unique is they take the flavour one step up from just adding the syrup on top.	statement	db
I'm craving it right now which is why I went to search for the Yelp link so I can msg it to my friend who is coming back to Singapore soon (she is based in London) so I figured it could be on the list for us to meet and catchup over.	statement	db
If I ever get around to trying the other traditional desserts I'll update this review but when I go there I always end up ordering or nee..and I take it away for my parents too who love or nee.	statement	db
That's when you know their pearls are the sh*t.   I cannot wait to return to Singapore and hit Koi up again!	statement	db
Great to get when you are on the go.	statement	db
I'm in love with the milk foam tea where they give u a special cutter so you can cut off the cover on top and drink it from the cup.	statement	db
On days when I feel lazy, I'd go for the jasmine milk tea.	statement	db
Other times when I'm trying to avoid the caffeine, I go for the passion fruit aloe vera green tea with no sugar.	statement	db
I have not seen another restaurant, besides Nobu themselves, who does it as well as Suju.	statement	db
It wasn't bad and it was better than expected but it won't make me order anything else other than the black cod when I visit Suju.	statement	db
I stepped in right at 9pm when they took the last order.	statement	db
Came here a few weeks back with my friends, who were having a massive craving for some sushi.	statement	db
The place was relatively empty when I arrived around 645pm but by 730pm, a queue had formed.	statement	db
I'm a huge fan of The Sushi Bar at Far East Plaza, so I was pretty psyched when I heard they were opening up another location down the road at Ngee Ann City.	statement	db
The Aburi Kaisen Chirashi Don, which in my view, is the STAR dish of this restaurant, is not available at the original location, from what I remember.	statement	db
I'm not familiar with the term ""aburi"", but from what I understand, it is essentially grilled/torched raw fish.	statement	db
Sat at the sushi bar itself, good initiative from the chef to ask how he can help or serve me when he noticed me looking out for the waiter.	statement	db
Tried the salmon sushi roll, nicely torched and love the combination of taste of the sauce with salmon when I popped the sushi into my mouth.	statement	db
But the place was exactly what we were looking for.	statement	db
Located in the basement of Ngee Ann City, aka Takashimaya, where all the food stalls are, I am quite glad to find this shop with their friendly staff is still around after so many years and numerous changes to the area.	statement	db
Thanks to Nayoung (one of the organizers for the babies showers), who made the reservation, we were able to sit in a big round table for 11 of us who were present that day.	statement	db
A warning though, it may be a bit too spicy for those who are unable to take spicy food.	statement	db
Available from Mon to Sat from  2.30pm to 5.30pm, this is a pretty good deal for what is usually priced at $4-6 per box of little bites.	statement	db
In particular, the dim sum items are hot favorites as what is served at Bosses is probably more exquisite than what you commonly get outside.	statement	db
My friends and I love it so much that the waitress got a big shocked when we order 5 servings of it for a table of 8  (15pcs)	statement	db
I visited Bosses with family friends who frequent this restaurant.	statement	db
It isn't a traditional Chinese restaurant by any means and its decor informs you of just that when you walk in.	statement	db
They are famous for their salted custard bun, eat it immediately when served!	statement	db
We ordered coconut water to quench our thirst, what a way to get refreshed quickly!	statement	db
It was a little warm out and the patio did not have fans, so if you overheat easily (especially when noshing on spicy Thai food), I recommend grabbing a table inside.	statement	db
Overpriced Thai food but if you are seeking to impress , why not ...	statement	db
Jim Thompson sets the tone immediately when you arrive.	statement	db
It's probably best to see the pictures to see what I mean.	statement	db
I, for one, like to go to Thai restaurants where there are a lot of Thais in order to personally certify the restaurant food's authenticity.	statement	db
As for the Mussaman Curry, I second my wife when she says it wasn't too spicy.	statement	db
Everything was deep fried to a point where that's all you could taste.	statement	db
We had a reservation at 7.30 and when we reached the place at 7.40, it was about half full.	statement	db
I deducted one star because of its high price (small portion like what you get in Thailand).	statement	db
If you don't think so, then you need to read about what dum biryani really is.	statement	db
Don't expect a restaurant with amazing service, this is a no frills place where emphasis is put on the food.	statement	db
The only complaint is that it had whole cloves in the rice, which added to the flavor but we're difficult to avoid when chowing down (however I will chock this up to my American tendencies).	statement	db
The place itself is pretty run down (and not in a charming way) and the service is mediocre, but who cares when the biryani is this good!	statement	db
The whole place is as auhentic as it gets, and it serves what is undoubtedly the best briyani in Singapore.	statement	db
The server wasn't there to please, but when the meal came so quickly, I didn't mind at all especially after my expectations for the meal were exceeded.	statement	db
No idea why this place can even be ranked above a 2.	statement	db
Mutton is ok.  One side diluted white sauce no clue what that is.	statement	db
But what the aficionados go for is the mutton and kid goat briyani.	statement	db
I'd advise going early cos when we went at noon place was full and a queue was already forming.	statement	db
And the owner said forget it during fasting month cos the queue starts at 5.30am which is when he starts cooking the briyani!	statement	db
Try chatting up with the owner if you visit the next time, he's a wonderful gent with a well informed viewpoint on food & life...& throbbing passion for what he does.	statement	db
It was exactly what I needed to get going.	statement	db
You need to go at a certain time, which changes on a daily basis and can be luck oriented....it's when you get the scoop of the biryani that takes in the most amount of the masala that you enjoy this biryani in it's peak form.	statement	db
The one thing I immediately learned when moving abroad was to immediately find your own comfort food, and I've been delighted to find Tandoori Corner in Balestier to serve as my refuge for those moments I just need Indian food.	statement	db
Aloo Gobi - I was slightly disappointed when I saw their it was quite dry with no sauce.	statement	db
Friendly service and they always manage to find a table, even when it's full.	statement	db
For those who don't know me, I'm not the biggest Indian Cuisine fan in the world.	statement	db
One has to wonder why one would need to go to Delhi, when you have this shop in Balestier.	statement	db
We've been here when it rains, and the staff is pretty good at moving the tables and chairs a bit further in to ensure nothing gets wet.	statement	db
You always know the food is going to be authentic when they not only have Kingfisher beer on the menu, but also Kingfisher Strong.	statement	db
I waited for my food but when it came it was worth the wait; it is cooked fresh and the lamb tikka was so tasty.	statement	db
My friend is happy to have found a place in Singapore that can do a decent cheese steak for times when he misses American comfort food.	statement	db
But beef was extremely expensive when I looked at the grocery store, so with that in mind this is actually a bargain.	statement	db
When we asked, they seemed confused, and then said ""no, there are no chili peppers on it"", leading one to ask why it was pictured as such.	statement	db
A classic cheesesteak spot would typically just offer a cheesesteak, and let the customer specify what they wanted beyond cheese and steak.	statement	db
knowing what to expect I might be able to use some condiments to touch it up a bit in the future.	statement	db
Also, I didn't understand why they brought out one sandwich at a time and they have 3 staff.	statement	db
It is pricey for what you are actually paying for.	statement	db
""Bok Nee"" when translated from Teochew means black fungus.	statement	db
Sweet sauce and sesame seeds were added when served.	statement	db
For those who are driving, please take note of the limited parking area here.	statement	db
When it gets crowded, it can be a bit noisy, but when only one or two tables are occupied, it is so quiet you can hear your voice echoing (if you are very loud).	statement	db
Rendang should be hard and stringy, that's why it is normally cooked for more than 1 hour.	statement	db
It was da bomb, so please give it a try when you make your way to the restaurant.	statement	db
We shall be back at Xmas when family arrive from UK and it's walking distance from our apartment.	statement	db
The food is very delicious and a bit pricey when I first saw it, but it turned out it was worth it.	statement	db
I would come here again when I crave for some korean food.	statement	db
I went into this restaurant not knowing what to expect and merely base it on the reviews I read on Yelp.	statement	db
When I saw the long queue outside and the abundance of tables inside when I enter, I was surprised and thought it must be an awesome marketing strategy!	statement	db
Most of the time we overcooked the meat when we DIY.	statement	db
Would recommend for those who don't mind paying a little more for quality food.	statement	db
Overall take away of this place is ..... Ok.  Not a place where it is a must for your indo fix.	statement	db
The first few mouthfuls of the Cah Kangkong ($8.80) were too salty, but somehow the spice and sourness began to emerge as we dig further down where a pool of red liquid could possibly dilute and balance the overall flavour.	statement	db
there could have been a little more meat in there though, and what was included was rather sinewy - it reminded me that eating beef in less developed beef is often a chewy and stringy affair.	statement	db
prices were very reasonable considering the location it's in (right opposite great world city in the expat-conclave of zion road), and especially when the food is this good.	statement	db
The best kind of alleys to eat in are in Geylang: you never know what will happen.	statement	db
It's a little ramshackle, gritty and dirty -- which is why I love it so.	statement	db
We picked Bob's because he wanted live music, and I wasn't too sure about where to get live music in Singapore.	statement	db
When you're at Bob's, you really want to be outdoors where the daybeds are.	statement	db
Not sure who is Bob though, but Bob sure has high taste.	statement	db
for those who can remember, there was an old rasa singapura.	statement	db
for those who don't, here is your chance to get acquainted with one.	statement	db
just what the doctor didn't order but damn delicious lor!	statement	db
One thing I liked about the chicken rice ... they gave me a bowl of soup even when my order was for to-go.	statement	db
But I'm not sure if it's nice enough for a $10.00 chicken rice when I could have it for $4.50 across the street at Tanglin Mall's food court.	statement	db
There are 3 choices of fish:  For medium size (recommended for 3 to 4 persons) - Badang - Quite common in many fish soup places $40 - Garoupa - This is good and meaty but has some bones when filleted.	statement	db
By the way, for those not in the know, it isn't actually a ""steamboat"" you expect in hotpot restaurant where you cook raw food.	statement	db
The dish comes boiling and the ingredients are already cooked when it's presented at the table.	statement	db
Felt like a rip off when I saw that we were charged for things like rice (it must be a cultural thing as I've not encountered additional payment for unlimited rice refills in any other country), soup refills (clearly a hidden cost because there's no way anybody would not ask for a refill since the first serving is a pathetic amount based on the shallowness of the pot), chrysanthemum leaves which you add into the soup and paper napkins.	statement	db
The waitress didn't have the initiative to inform that the leaves were an additional cost when she asked if I wanted them (the hotpot already comes with cabbage).	statement	db
Do go down before 6.30pm as that is where the place hits the full house.. so getting a table will be quite difficult after that time.	statement	db
Located near at the whampoa wet market, this place might be difficult to find for people who don't stay in this vicinity.	statement	db
they cook some of the freshest fish I've ever been served, and the flavours are so clean and simple, you'll wonder why new-age/fusion-y restaurants mess with tastes.	statement	db
And that is what everyone seemed to be queuing for.	statement	db
Finally I can see what is the attraction.	statement	db
This is the place to go to when you want to fulfill your minimum intake of vegetables.	statement	db
This place is Orchard Road's (ok technically Scotts Road - but you get where I'm going here) best kept secret.	statement	db
On one of the occasions where the hor fun had run out, we also tried the Singapore fried noodle which was still really really good!	statement	db
So don't be surprised if a party of two who is behind you (party of 4 or more) gets seated first because only a 2-seater is available.	statement	db
I was told what the signature dish was by my friend, then the auntie/server pointed at the girl next to me who has that dish and the ordering was finished with a nod of agreement between the 3 of us; it almost felt like i was finally let into a secret cult who's membership everyone coveted.	statement	db
Was served with what tasted like cheap syrup rather than a maple sauce or anything remotely nice.	statement	db
I liked that the flavours were strong, but what I enjoyed about the dish ended there.	statement	db
The hazelnuts also ended up adding to the density of the dish as well, when I could've used some herbs or greens to lighten and freshen the dish.	statement	db
Ambience overall was cute, though I can see why another reviewer said it leaned toward ramshackle rather than rustic.	statement	db
I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to salads.	statement	db
I know what that sounds like, but it's true.	statement	db
The service staff was pretty responsive when I asked why my order took 45 minutes to arrive for a fish and chips.	statement	db
The service has been good, a variety of wait staff, all who can help you and take your order, things do get a bit slow, but they do get slammed and busy.	statement	db
The pizzas are the thin crust variety which is perfect for when you're feeling peckish and not wanting to feel too full too quickly.	statement	db
Spotted their promotion on margaritas when I was in the Ladies midway through our meal and decided to get a carafe of Strawberry Margarita to ease into the evening.	statement	db
As for our main course, my boyfriend who is a fan of steaks, decided to order the Ribeye Steak (200grams) while I went for the Melba Burger.	statement	db
The Mega Melba doubles the portions of everything but the eggs, and what I really wanted was more eggs, so I stuck with the Full Melba.	statement	db
Besides the mains, diners can look forward to all day brunch and for those who just want a little snack, check out their Carrot Cake.	statement	db
Their lychee martini according to a fren who can't resist a glass of good martini thinks its pretty good too.	statement	db
For one, you do not ask your customers condescendingly what they are taking pictures for.	statement	db
Plus, the prices are pretty high and this is coming from someone who is willing to pay for brunch.	statement	db
We were waiting for about fifteen mins when we went there on Sunday around 1pm	statement	db
Truffle fries were delish -- we devoured them once they finally arrived...   ... which leads me to why the 3 stars.	statement	db
Also, when I asked about the latte tasting weak, the barista came over and recommended the piccolo.	statement	db
Weekday mains charged at 25% off, while on weekends, you get a free coffee when you order a brunch main before 4pm!	statement	db
Not sure when the promo ends but i was just there last week and it was still on!	statement	db
This Australian bistro is a little gem hidden away in the Goodman Arts Centre (GAC) - it opens up to a green field, and combined with the high ceilings, glass panels and wooden decor give it a warm and inviting feeling where you feel you can sit and chill out the entire afternoon.	statement	db
All in all this bistro is a welcome addition to GAC, and makes a great option when one is a little too lazy or the weather is too insane to head out to the hawker centres nearby.	statement	db
Ambiance 100%  This is the immediate impression when we stepped in to this charming cafe right in the middle of no where one rainy afternoon after lunch.	statement	db
It is so idyllic and very quiet when we were there.	statement	db
but the place doesn't look nearly this good (one day I will learn to stop trusting photos) in the daytime - and there was this slight ramshackle shabbiness about it, like they hadn't bothered to take care of what should be a well-curated space.	statement	db
I had what can be described as a type of pizza basket.	statement	db
I am glad that they managed to preserve the stained glass from when this was a place of worship.	statement	db
I will make sure to come back when I got back to Singapore.	statement	db
Decor: It's understandable as to why so many people compliment this restaurant.	statement	db
For some reason, they're a little Chinese in the service sense where they won't take the time to make sure the customer is satisfied.	statement	db
We will go back when we return to Singapore from California!	statement	db
we waited a goodly amount of time for our food to arrive, so the portions did seem paltry at arrival - but it's otherwise friendly when you can get it.	statement	db
The servers were there when you needed them but they were not constantly interrupting the meal.	statement	db
That is what happened with by butler's steak at White Rabbit.	statement	db
I'm a little hazy on the details: I remember a warm spinach salad that was decent, a flurry of other appetisers that the table had to share, and then the huge mouth-watering grilled Wagyu Cote de Boeuf which, even when shared among four, seemed a daunting task.	statement	db
I wouldn't pair wines again, but I'd do that menu again no matter what was on it.	statement	db
Not an epic fail, as they have roaming managers who pick up the slack.	statement	db
I used to come here for lunch when I was working at Dempsey and the one thing I liked was that the place is usually empty during lunch.	statement	db
Parking is free for those who drive and there are lunch sets on offer that are really value for money.	statement	db
I would have appreciate it if someone had bothered to explain why was our table was delayed and served us asap, but none of that happened, I wasn't even stopped when I walked out of the doors.	statement	db
It was already around 10ish when I left to look for another dinner place.	statement	db
Now that's a pretty bold tactic and one that is rare when you just want to try an interesting appetizer without meat - maybe he has some incredible truffles, or rare cheese or something,  ok, no problem I say.	statement	db
Parking is free and what better way to beat the crowd and enjoy a nice little lunch before heading back into the cubicle for another couple more hours of soul-draining work!	statement	db
Drinks are what you would expect from a place in Dempsey--good but pricey.	statement	db
Every store front has pictures of what they sell, with prices clearly marked.	statement	db
While it might lose out a little to other more famous joints, this is one of those childhood comfort foods that I will crave when nostalgia strikes.	statement	db
Tiong Bahru Market is just one of those places where you wish you were a cow and could have multiple stomaches so that you could eat your bodyweight equivalent in food.	statement	db
Tiong Bahru Market is just one of those places where you wish ou were a cow and could have multiple stomaches so that you could eat your bodyweight equivalent in food.	statement	db
- Despite what previous reviews said, I like The service and good service is rare in Singapore: They are always super friendly and chatty.	statement	db
This is one of the cases where I wish there was the possibility to give a half star, I would definitely give Choupinette four and a half stars!	statement	db
The smoked salmon is nice when eaten with the bread and eggs, but too salty on its own.	statement	db
My default brunch place after church on Sundays when the dude wants to eat AM food and we're too lazy to be adventurous.	statement	db
Me: oh you meant what FILLING!"")	statement	db
The service here is satisfactory - was rudely acknowledged with a snooty head nod when I called for service.	statement	db
Such unconventional interior design was carefully thought out and selected by owner cum Parisian art dealer Agnes Verrier, who switches up the furniture regularly to keep her sweetiepie relevant and trendy.	statement	db
Yes, Choupinette does offer their brunch fares everyday from 9 to 6 except Mondays, when they observe the same traditions as eateries in France, closing on the first day of the week.	statement	db
I can't remember who told me about this place but I am glad I found out.	statement	db
They also have other delicious things on the menu, and what I liked is that you can order them together with a juice and a coffee.	statement	db
Very french and while it was over hyped back then when they were the more prominent french bakery open by a french, I have to say their Croque Madame and Danishes are still really good.	statement	db
I always come here when I have a gathering with family and friends for special occasion.	statement	db
In the early morning when I visited the cafe, it was the only one that was opened.	statement	db
The tart smelt quite delicious when served.	statement	db
The coffee, however, is where it shines.	statement	db
Then again, this is Singapore, where people make trips to the airport just for the quality of the food.	statement	db
I'll take you to the hospital""  Well, that's not quite the reaction I was imagining when needing a coffee on a recent trip to Singapore.	statement	db
Dont know why the opening time is so limited during weekend.	statement	db
The girl at the teller didn't know what a pourover is either.	statement	db
Excellent artisan coffees made by expert baristas who take their job seriously.	statement	db
Nice hidden gem in what feels like a sterile hospital.	statement	db
Well, that day arrived when I walked past it again and decided to just try it.	statement	db
There were only 3-4 tables with the rest of the seats surrounding the chefs table where you could see them grilling the meat.	statement	db
Shout out to the waitress who came by to ask for feedback before I left.	statement	db
There's yet to be a dish where we really WOW nor remember after we leave the place.	statement	db
definitely going to try to mimic their cold brew when I get home.	statement	db
Chicken was deboned which was nice but what failed this dish is that the waffle was extremely dry.	statement	db
The dishes portions were more than expected especially when the pricing are considered on the affordable end (less than $10).	statement	db
I IMAGINE that when the MBB owners were considering this location, they had concerns over the small space.	statement	db
I was actually disappointed when i had my first bite of the matcha strawberryfield waffle.	statement	db
i think what saved the dessert was the kick that the citrus flavored syrup delivered in the other wise plain waffle item that costed $9.50.	statement	db
The limited time availability made us choose the Red Velvet Waffle Stack ($10.50) (which really ran out when we were halfway through our brunch at 12ish) over the Chocolate Banana Waffles ($10.50), a chocolate waffle with caramelised banana, vanilla ice cream, salted caramel sauce and nutella truffle powder.	statement	db
We're always pleased with the variety of foods that fit our lifestyle and we normally fall back on Medzs when we're looking for comfort food that isn't a cheat.	statement	db
We'll most likely be bringing any picky-eating family members here when they visit!	statement	db
I always walk past the restaurant when heading over to yoga class.	statement	db
You get what you pay for.	statement	db
The skin was a thin golden brown crisp that crackles when you bite into it but the meat maintained its tender and moist texture.	statement	db
Good strategy to carry out: reserve a table, grab a couple of bottles, go make your orders, collect the buzzers, return to table to continue on beer and wait for the buzzers to light up when your food is ready.	statement	db
You also get 10% off the menu when you check out before 10.30pm, which was a pretty good way to clear off most of the crowd before they close at 11pm.	statement	db
I had the Caramel Pound Cake ($3), which was a thick slice of caramel-based pound cake, with almond ganache (which she adds when you order, for freshness), and the chocolate sauce sealed the deal.	statement	db
This is one of those places where you get a card at the door to rack up your bills in, and then pay upon exit.	statement	db
You order your food and get a little buzzing counter, which vibrates when it's time for you to pick up your food, so no standing around looking too bored...	statement	db
It is similar to marche style where you are given a card at the entrance.	statement	db
It's always sad when great wait staff - friendly, polite, attentive - are let down by poor food.	statement	db
Whatever it was...it tasted ok but its far from what i expected a philly steak sandwhich to be.	statement	db
They also have a Build Your Own Burger (BYOB) where you can choose your choice of meat (wagyu beef, chicken or fish) and toppings and sides (max of $6 in lunch set, additional will be charged accordingly).	statement	db
This is similar to &made where you can select your what you want in your burger.	statement	db
I must say I much prefer the old menu where I am not given too much choices for easier selection.	statement	db
I like the wings here even though it is not like what I would get in Canada.	statement	db
i remember speaking to one of the owners/partners in the early days and what he wanted was to serve food he loves to eat!	statement	db
:(  when i think of roadhouse, i think man vs food or DDD.	statement	db
but why not come here to enjoy what an indoor BBQ taste like but sans smell.	statement	db
with the moisture well retained within this oven/grill, your food remains juicy when arriving on your plate.	statement	db
they have added a BYOB, build your own burger, option for those who knows exactly what should go in their burger.	statement	db
Hearty and quintessential American food is what you can expect at this upmarket diner under The Privé Group.	statement	db
:)) Eat at your own risk or maybe have a friend who can administer CPR in case your heart goes into overdrive.	statement	db
This was my second visit, the first one being something like 2 years ago and I can't remember what I thought of it then.	statement	db
The place seemed a bit short-staffed - had to wave for quite a while to get the attention of the 2 waiters who were in the dining area for water, orders and paying the bill.	statement	db
But when you got their attention, service was good and the staff generally pleasant.	statement	db
The menu is unclear  The truffle mayo comes when you pay $2 to upgrade the Side of fries, but is not included when you pay $2 to upgrade the burger's fries.	statement	db
In any case - when you are paying $34 for a hamburger - (our bill was split $80 each) you would expect that they would instantly be more accommodating to a simple request.	statement	db
The fries were actually delivered with no truffle oil at all and then when we reminded her- they delivered a very small amount of oil in a ramikin that was enough for 1 of us, but not 3.	statement	db
Honestly it was pretty good, but way too small and pricey for what you get.	statement	db
Recommend this place for brunch too, one of the better valued brunches in Dempsey Hill, which is why they are often packed on both Saturday and Sunday mornings.	statement	db
First meal there was over a month ago when Prive Grill won me over and I decided to take the rest of their restaurants seriously.	statement	db
Result was an improved juicier version of what I had.	statement	db
My only problem with this dish is when the miso glaze drips out onto the fries.	statement	db
I love it when my sister drives me to the bus-stop near her office as that means we will make a pit-stop at the Bendemeer Market to buy breakfast.	statement	db
I like the sauces, especially when liberally sprinkled with toasted sesame seeds.	statement	db
A short walk from Boon Keng MRT Station, this food centre is very popular among local residents and people who work at the nearby industrial area and offices.	statement	db
The food is generally affordable, and it's one of the few places left in Singapore where you can get a plate of chicken rice for S$2.	statement	db
The cleaners are generally fast enough when clearing cutlery from previous customers, but there is no place to return your own trays to speed up the process.	statement	db
You can also find a wet market housed under the same roof, where you can buy fresh vegetables, fish, meat and other groceries.	statement	db
There's even a cobbler who has on more than one occasion helped me patched up my shoes.	statement	db
That's why the only accept cash.	statement	db
I'm trying to think of reasons why I shouldn't give Jai Thai 5 stars... and there are only three I can think of: First, that they don't serve alcohol.	statement	db
So, really, Jai Thai is nearrrrrly at 5 stars for me, but what they do have is crazy good.	statement	db
But you'll be so involved in what you're eating that I doubt it'll stop you from returning...	statement	db
The sort of place where everything is good!	statement	db
Got my expectation too high when coming to this restaurant.	statement	db
Don't make me start on salmon sashimi since I am not sure what kind of salmon or which part of it being used but it is very chewy and doesn't take like usual salmon.	statement	db
When you factor in the fact that weekday lunch at Kiseki is just under $20++, it's actually pretty decent fare for what you paid.	statement	db
Word to the wise though, make reservations ahead of time or you'll end up in the walk-in line which can take a while if they can only seat you when there are no-shows.	statement	db
They also had a yu-shang station next to it when I was there after CNY.	statement	db
But what stood out amongst these already awesome choices was its tofu cheesecake.	statement	db
And specially when the group is large, I can rest assured that each of them will find something fanciful among the 8 self-help stations.	statement	db
While the Japanese dishes still make up the majority, I am one of those weirdo who only eye for that fluffy looking deep pocketed batter cake resting on the iron rack.	statement	db
Then slightly to the right, there are Teppanyaki & Robatayaki where you find monstrous grilled salmon fish heads, shishamo, baby tender chicken teriyaki sticks and grilled plumply shitake mushrooms.	statement	db
Oh, please bring along those table-numbered mini file clips found on your table when ordering so that the wait staff could send the food when it's ready.	statement	db
Another 5, 6 different of kinds of ice-cream, macha (green tea) is not even up to the bar...and it was squeezed in a corner when there's always a line and right beside someone having their meals.	statement	db
I had come here ages ago for a friends birthday party where he basically ordered some ridiculous 12 course feast for us (I filled up on sashimi in the 3rd course because I had no idea - and paid the price :|) but IT WAS SO DELICIOUS.	statement	db
and they bring out the glasses to let him choose what he wants.	statement	db
I heart Beef Sukiyaki - thanks to the Portuguese who introduced beef eating to the Japanese in the 16th century.	statement	db
The Kanto way (Tokyo region) or Kansai way (Osaka region) -  both differs in the timing when the sauce is introduced in the dish.	statement	db
I can see why my friend likes the waffle here and is a regular visitor to this cafe.	statement	db
They had some cakes and a few savoury items only when I first went.	statement	db
The guys know what they are doing.	statement	db
Lots of spices going on, great flavours, and who knows how long it's been stewing because again, the meat was just so soft and tender.	statement	db
No matter what anyone says..	statement	db
We did not think of asking the price as it was a small fish and honestly just trusted the guy (we've dined at exclusive places where something like this has never happened to us).	statement	db
http://tinyurl.com/b7v9obu  *Buttabara - Pork Belly http://tinyurl.com/aejjbqo  Shitake http://tinyurl.com/af8fh2o  Amai Imo - Sweet Potato no photo  Mini Kobacha - Pumpkin Squash no photo  *Asupara - Asparagus http://tinyurl.com/9wjkvqz  Otoshi - Forced Appetizer/Beef http://tinyurl.com/a7tvg7n  Omi Gyu - Wagyu http://tinyurl.com/b7l4682  *Sashimi http://tinyurl.com/bk5cb4s  *Chikodai - Sea Breem http://tinyurl.com/bfp4r54  Beignets http://tinyurl.com/bb3dfeo  Receipt (Dinner for 2 - $533.15)  My only note on cost is you do not really have an idea of what you are spending.	statement	db
But I could easily see how someone who had not researched the place might be.	statement	db
I was greeted Japanese style (kinda reminded me in Army where you are supposed to acknowledge orders given) by all the staff but i notice one thing peculiar - the staff if i am not wrong are all Japanese.	statement	db
Before I traveled to Singapore, I did a little survey with my friends who had been there before to see which restaurant has the best Hainan Chicken.	statement	db
Definitely Boon Tong Kee is the restaurant I look forward to the most when I go Singapore again.	statement	db
The bean curd was medium firm, the flour coat was crispy, but the bean curd melt in your mouth when you take the first bite.	statement	db
Boon Tong Kee and Tian Tian tops my list as the two places to go to when I want the best Hainanese Chicken Rice in Singapore.	statement	db
Love the ambience and also the food, a must try is the Moroccan Lamb, as someone who don't eat lamb but this main is the only lamb dish I eat.	statement	db
My colleague can be very loud when she critics a dish.	statement	db
Mint is always my favourite of flavours when it comes to tea.	statement	db
They always have specials up on the board which is what usually takes my fancy but its the cakes that win people over every.	statement	db
Don't kick a fuss when u ask for warm water only.	statement	db
I have two pet peeves when dining out.	statement	db
Not just us, but the entire section where we were seated.	statement	db
What I mean by this is when you are virtually ignored for your entire meal, only to have a server on winged feet when paying for the check.	statement	db
Unfortunately, this was again what happened during our visit to this restaurant.	statement	db
Especially when you really are spoiled for choice in the food heaven that is Singapore.	statement	db
But when it comes to Palais, like I said - you'd be better off sticking to late night drinks and desserts.	statement	db
I may not manage to save enough room for dessert, but I have enjoyed them when I did plan ahead.	statement	db
Expect to pay up when you're here, but also expect good food in a lovely setting.	statement	db
Their cakes are quite consistent and so far they haven't failed me when i have a sweet craving.	statement	db
I've been here a couple of times during dinner when it gets really crowded but other times I've never had to wait to be seated in the afternoons.	statement	db
I am honestly not bear-baiting when I say that Hai San chicken rice is the best roast chicken rice in Singapore.	statement	db
Hai San was doing business at the Henderson market till about two years ago when the market was renovated and they had to move to their current location, Tiong Bahru Wet Market and Food Center.	statement	db
Some kind of pork from the appetiser section  Sadly, we didn't order the Tom Yum Soup - don't know why but know i realise it was a pretty dumb move... ahaha  The food came out surprisingly fast and nearly everything arrived at the same time.	statement	db
The place was not crowded when I came for a light weekday dinner.	statement	db
Overall dish was so bland... Just when I thought any dish couldn't be even more bland than mine, my partner's dish came it was so strikingly unbelievable I almost burst out laughing.	statement	db
I guess that must be due to the fact that it was a full house when we came.	statement	db
The spice level is medium and you could ask for more or less spicy when placing your order.	statement	db
I cannot recall what is in the  set now.	statement	db
This tasted exactly how it would back in Thailand at the Erawan Team Room where I used to diner almost Every.	statement	db
It was a little too melted when I got it, so ideally they'd store it at a lower temperature so it reaches the customer still-frozen, but that's a minor point.	statement	db
For what it's worth, I wouldn't consider myself to be a Thai connoisseur by any means, but I do believe I know good food and good service.	statement	db
Check this place out when you have cravings for Thai Food	statement	db
Not sure what the rave is about but the chili is too hot to taste anything.	statement	db
It's a real shame but it seems this place has gone steadily downhill, at least when it comes to their Bistro.	statement	db
Customer convenience was not a consideration when they designed how to get into the store or to get around once you do get in.	statement	db
:P) It makes me happy to know that there is a quality butcher here in Singapore that I can rely on when I feel like being fancy by making my own steak.	statement	db
I also like how the employees who work the counters are always attentive and willing to help.	statement	db
Still a great offering of fine meats, but the new location is way too big and impersonal, and the bistro isn't open in the morning when the main shop opens.	statement	db
Receipt: $237.65  http://tinyurl.com/c86voa4  When prepared at home, all of the meats were as good as they looked.	statement	db
The butchery is a very pretentious fancy place for people who are okay with buying ungodly expensive meat.	statement	db
One of the best lasagne I've ever had in my life, rich and packed with meat which is what most lasagne lack.	statement	db
I was after a beef lasagne but Huber's only had a chicken option on that day and I thought why not give it a shot.	statement	db
Parking around here will be the street parkings where parking coupons are essential.	statement	db
After minutes of looking over the menu, we decided to get a mix of kebabs, hummus and bread and Künefe (see description of what this dish entails through Jeannie's review).	statement	db
They didn't have much seating so we were seated by the kitchen across from the main location in what seems like an extension across the road...	statement	db
We tried to avoid the situation by pre-ordering some side dishes when we made our reservations but those also came quite slowly.	statement	db
[this is copied directly from the menu, no idea what 'tring pastry' is, guess it was ""string"" haha.]	statement	db
We were seated very quickly inside what is quite a small restaurant, although there appears to be additional seating areas upstairs.	statement	db
We ordered a lamb pide after plucking up the courage to ask the people at the table next to us what it was they were eating.	statement	db
Most of the time it remained efficient, but we did notice two tables who waited forever for their drinks despite asking at least twice.	statement	db
I've always wanted to try the lei cha from Joo Chiat and when I finally did, i was definitely not disappointed!	statement	db
I think what makes this stand out is the soup!	statement	db
This outlet is not as spiffy looking as the one in Harbour Front, but the food was good (unlike the kind you get at Lau Pa Sat) and you pretty much get what you pay for.	statement	db
I eat this when I need to feel healthy--it's GREEN!	statement	db
The mix of textures and flavours is fun for the mouth, and you can always customise it re what toppings you don't want, and how soupy you want the tea to be.	statement	db
I always come here to grab a meal (at least once) when I come to Singapore.	statement	db
Ah Chiang's porridge serves up a comfort porridge dish that has options of pork, intestines, century egg (pei dan), fish and whether you'd like eggs in your porridge or not... With so much more options, take your pick when you get there!	statement	db
:)  If you live close by, you could bring a bowl over and ask them to serve it in there and walk home with it as I've seen a lady who lives nearby did it when I was there.	statement	db
But being someone who's open to trying new things, I figured I might as well see what the fuss is about.	statement	db
When I visited during my lunch break, the place was hopping with locals, both professionals and those who are retired and probably live around the block.	statement	db
Also, if you do takeaway, don't take it personally when they call a number, you know it's not your order, but then they glare at you thinking it is your order, and then when you prove to them it isn't, they start yelling amongst themselves trying to figure out whether a guest isn't listening or if someone on the staff is an idiot for taking the wrong order.	statement	db
Came here for the first time when my boss decided that it was time for breakfast and was instantly converted into a fan!	statement	db
We also had some fried fish skin once, which was very salty on its own but nice when eaten alternately with porridge.	statement	db
(I daresay that this place actually rivals the more popular Zhen Zhen porridge at Maxwell... probably my favourite porridge place in Singapore at the moment)  Haven't been here for awhile as my workplace has changed but I'll come back here regularly when I'm posted for work near the area!	statement	db
It's hearty, nourishing, and when hot, thick.	statement	db
They also serve regular and almond tau huay in the Lao Ban pudding style, so those who don't fancy the long queues at Lao Ban might do well to have a bowl or three here.	statement	db
This is something I am going to miss when going back to Norway.	statement	db
I suggest you visit the restaurant and ask for yourself what the name means)	statement	db
You know the food's good when the lunch crowd is decent despite the out of the way location.	statement	db
They all looked like they really love what they do, and was informative and engaged throughout the night.	statement	db
Price wise is a little high, but with 3 portions of lobster what do you expect.	statement	db
I simply don't understand the hype - seafood is abundant in singapore, and a more-than-decent dish is more than easily found (even at your neighborhood czechar store) - it's the sort of seafood restaurant I'd imagine in a land-locked part of the US, where seafood is both posh and inaccessible.	statement	db
the good thing was that we had chirpy waiters dishing up our food - but we had to be chased out after barely two hours of a long many-coursed dinner (such is the quirk of trendy, busy restaurants), and they refused to bring me a glass of water when I first walked in (IT'S SELF-SERVICE, PLEASE) even though there was no one else in the restaurant and the waiters were milling about.	statement	db
In fact my friends all made faces when they tried and said it was too much.	statement	db
Wasn't sure what to expect, but this place is great -- really fresh, simply prepared, high quality seafood.	statement	db
The 2 person seafood set at $120 sounds pricey but given the high standard of preparation its not unreasonable: Eat as much as you like beehoon, cooked to perfection Grilled razor clams, giant sized:) Littleneck clams - some of the sweetest I've had Grilled shrimp - sweeter than most prawns one gets Pan-friedn barramundi Grilled lobster but really it what Aussies like to call a yabbie  Blanched kang kong - great way of serving something so familiar  A good choice of wine if a short wine list, but should be something for everyone.	statement	db
Look, the big tip for this place is to listen to what they are pimping that evening and order that.	statement	db
There are no two ways when it comes to seafood.	statement	db
Passed by Grand Copthorne hotel quite frequently and wondered what was the inside.	statement	db
And yes, I was thrilled when I heard that we are going to try out the buffet here.	statement	db
I started at the end corner where the international chef was serving ham and turkey.	statement	db
Was quick in serving water when asked too.	statement	db
Do try it when you are in the area!	statement	db
A giant 15 feet Christmas Tree greeted me when I stepped into the lobby.	statement	db
Here are FIVE REASONS why this is a great location to wine, dine and be merry!	statement	db
It must be a lot of hard work for the one-man chef who is tending the station; one hand busy boiling the noodles and the other hand cooking the tomato sauce.	statement	db
3: MEATS Buffet is always a game of chance where there are plenty of choices but the only way to sieve out the better ones is to try a little from each dish.	statement	db
4: OUTDOOR GRILL  Adjourn to the outdoor grill section where one gets different kinds of marinated meats hot of the grill.	statement	db
5: FRENCH DESSERTS Attention gravitates towards the dessert counter, where a spread of tantalizing treats created by award-winning Executive Pastry Chef Nicolas Maugard who has honed his skills at several Michelin-star establishments over his 17 years of pastry career.	statement	db
Each segment had its own sea of significance but they seemed to bumped corners with another in what seemed to be an arbitrary assemblage.	statement	db
And my husband gets grumpy when his favorite dishes are missing.	statement	db
There is local food such as satay outdoors, Japanese food, Western food and more depending on what is available on the day that you are there.	statement	db
Pro tip: When you queue for your YTF, get your friend to pick the items.	statement	db
Don't forget to order this dish when you visit.	statement	db
It was just 2 years ago when 1kg of crabs cost $50, but nevertheless, these Indian crabs are fleshy.	statement	db
The egg helps to make the hor fun wet, and when we ordered both a $5 and a $8 portion, we felt that they gave the same amount of ingredients, with 1 egg in each dish.	statement	db
The pieces were quite small and wasn't quite what we expected since the other dishes had set our expectations much higher.	statement	db
I was brought to KEK as part of a large group of international sales people who gathered for a training event.	statement	db
The troubling items for KEK was that the atmosphere seemed cheap, especially in comparison to where business travelers normally end up.	statement	db
else be prepared to eat closer to 9pm where the crowd tide ebbs.	statement	db
I hear it's called that because the raw eggs they crack over the hor fun give the noodles a delightfully smooth texture and glossy sheen... but that's what I hear.	statement	db
Its good food, and was relatively affordable, but I'm not sure why they are SO crowded!	statement	db
Maybe I need to go with a veteran to see what the famous dishes are.	statement	db
The marmite chicken is great, even for someone who hates marmite!	statement	db
I think this wanton mee is the same brand as the one i saw in Malaysia, probably that's why many people in Singapore want to try it.	statement	db
They made all of the drinks that I asked and I also learned about a new drink from one of the people I was sitting next too who told me about something called the perfect martins.	statement	db
I always appreciate cafes or restaurants who cater to smokers.	statement	db
Upon walking past Crossroads Cafe one morning I noticed a sign offering a discounted breakfast buffet for guests who were willing to sit outside.	statement	db
The scenario turned somewhat comical when the caucasian Chef - overhearing our conversation - sprinted over to the station and immediately confirmed that the dish could of course be made just as I requested.	statement	db
Ask for the price first so you don't get a shock when you pay!	statement	db
Then they received 3 chopsticks and became so popular that when we went one day, the soup was not hot.	statement	db
I prefer the good old days when the abalone was sliced.	statement	db
They also charge a whopping $1.00 for a refill of soup when it is free in almost all other prawn noodle stalls.	statement	db
A tip: The uncle that cooks at night uses more sauce/oil/spice than the auntie who cooks in the afternoon.	statement	db
Was brought here by my boss when I was still working in the Ubi vicinity.	statement	db
I always think the soup is really pretty much what determines if the prawn noodles will be good.	statement	db
For $4, you get 3 deshelled but head-on prawns which is certainly a joy to those who hate peeling their prawns.	statement	db
I was quite excited when one of my ex-colleague mentioned that there is a new eating place in Rail Mall that is worth a try out.	statement	db
I bet this pricing is relatively acceptable especially when its plain prata is so crispy and goes well with the curry gravy.	statement	db
I first got to know about this place from my colleagues who were all talking about the butter pork as if it is the best thing since Photoshop.	statement	db
Have a map in hand if you are trying to locate this place, or go with someone who knows about it.	statement	db
I guess there's a premium when you have a USP to bank on.	statement	db
There always seem to be a long queue and usually when that happens you can't get seated until everyone's arrived, but it's so so worth it!	statement	db
There are four staples that I ALWAYS get when here.	statement	db
It is quite a well-known Tze-Char stall and was rather crowded when we were there one Tuesday evening.	statement	db
Back when Whampoa Makan Centre was just known as Whampoa Hawker Centre, Singapore Fried Hokkien Mee was already a popular stall that occupied the corner stall of the middle block in the hawker centre.	statement	db
They serve a seriously slurpsome plate of hokkien mee that really makes for flavour-packed mouthfuls that will have you scraping your plate when you're reaching the end of your meal.	statement	db
Don't refuse the sambal when they ask.	statement	db
You do this at the side of the stall where the server is perched on a stool, ready to point at you to get your order.	statement	db
The prawn hokkien mee is exactly what I expect.	statement	db
The best order dishes for me are: - samsui chicken - ah kong fan shu ye (spicy sweet potato leaves) - tofu in claypot - soup (optional)  The samsui chicken is always so tender, and when wrapped in the lettuce with ginger, it is so crisp and refreshing.	statement	db
Highly recommend when you go to Singapore!	statement	db
This is their signature dish and when you try it, you understand why!!!	statement	db
As it turned out the place wasn't crowded at all so I'm not sure why the website said nothing was available at that time and day.	statement	db
Overall it's pretty informal at least for the Grand Hyatt and that's what I was looking for.	statement	db
The place isn't cheap but fair for what it is and what you get.	statement	db
There is much buzz around this enduringly popular family-friendly Italian restaurant as the food is refreshingly simple yet decently priced, especially when every main course ordered include a self-plated salad and free flow of Italian bread.	statement	db
But this means a legitimate reason to come back for the wooden fire pizzas and more pastas next time, probably through their value for money set dinner or the Sunday Brunch when I can conquer all dishes with a glass of Prosecco.	statement	db
She commented their sauce tasted like what I made at home!	statement	db
If it taste like what I do - it ain't good.	statement	db
A fairly typical Chinese restaurant serving up the usual dishes, the one reason why I keep going back to Golden Spoon is for their crabs, specifically their Crab Bee Hoon.	statement	db
The only issues I have are with the staff, who don't really seem to understand you, so patience is definitely required.	statement	db
One thing to note when dining, especially when you're going for the signature Crab Beehoon, is that the later you go, the higher the chances are that you'll end up with only the larger crabs left.	statement	db
Best part are my ladies who work there, just the best bar staff in town.	statement	db
For the life of me, i don't understand why anyone would focus on American beers as they're not exactly louded as half decent beer in the world.	statement	db
So then she goes on to say there isn't a manager on duty, and that she can relay our concerns when he comes back.... tomorrow.	statement	db
It is a set up perfect for a casual day out or when you just want to grab a quick bite.	statement	db
They have recently started to absorb both GST and Service Charge so what you see (on the menu), is what you pay.	statement	db
They have some sort of points redemption system going on where you can redeem points through a cardless system - just quote your IC # at the cashier for any paradise group restaurant and you'll get some rebates!	statement	db
My friend who brought me here wouldn't stop raving about the quality of the sashimi here.	statement	db
He will sign first ""come here and what do you want"" then ""eat here or take away"" (I was confused, hence putting it out there for future visitors).	statement	db
I could not indulge fully in the sauce due to avoiding spicy foods at the moment, which may be why I was less than enthusiastic about the whole thing, which I did not consider to be worth 39 minutes of queue (prices have bumped up too, $3.90 for the chicken set).	statement	db
My wife, who ate most of her sauce, thought it WAS worth it, so I'll average our ratings and give it 4*.	statement	db
I wanted to get the full experience and understand exactly what makes this place unique, different, and regularly visited by the president of Brunei (one of the famous regular customers) of this establishment.	statement	db
There are other condiments, a fried egg, cucumber slices and ikan bills, the ubiquitous accompaniment to any self-respecting nasi lemak, but your brain is past caring about these other players on the plate and your eyes struggle to focus on what it is exactly that you've put in your mouth that still has you reeling.	statement	db
All the media coverage creates unrealistic expectations in diners who flock here only to be disappointed when angels don't appear and next week's 4D numbers fail to materialize in the basmati.	statement	db
Look beyond the bull-@$!# that's been piled on these guys by the media and see it for the single specialty master hawker stall that it is and you'll see what all the fuss is about.	statement	db
Based on flavor alone, I see no reasonable explanation why not...unless it's the bull-@#$% these places are throwing in your eyes.	statement	db
We sought this place out because it was on the Food Network, and supposedly the sultan of Brunei visits this stall when he's in Singapore.	statement	db
Most of the time when you're there you ought to be prepared to queue up for a good twenty minutes, because many people come in line not just to order one plate, or two boxes, but a party-load of it.	statement	db
Inside the chicken is still so juicy and so tender, though a little oily, and it makes you wish you had more than one on your plate - which is why I always ask for two.	statement	db
People who loves Japanese food and a fan of omakase really needs to come down here and you won't be disappointed.	statement	db
Since we're meeting up to celebrate my ""home coming"", what better place to re-start my restaurant hop in this tiny island filled with good food at IKYU.	statement	db
We thought the dessert was the weakest and couldnt even figured out what was served - a citrusy pudding done bad topped with fresh cream and a tiny slice of strawberry and melon globe.	statement	db
The flavor pops and that's when you raise your eyebrows in surprise.	statement	db
nothing snooty about him and it was him who personally took responsibility for a simple error, adding wasabi when told not to, by offering to replace the sushi main course even though it was evident that we have already dugged into it despite the mistake.	statement	db
It blows my mind that IKYU has been around for over a year now, I sorta remember when it just opened and was a new kid on the block.	statement	db
It's hard for places like this to be exceptional in a day and age where Japanese restaurants are so common and so many offer similar prices with similar qualities.	statement	db
If you have eaten at Tsukiji before, these sushi are like half the size of what you get there.	statement	db
and cheers from the small bar area where the sushi chefs and their customers were getting roaring drunk.	statement	db
Everything else like tempura and grilled items are the same standard as what you will find at Sushi Tei.	statement	db
For what you pay, really, this place is a bargain.	statement	db
Service is very iffy here, and they are quite under-staffed, but you can't ask for too much when you're not paying top dollar for reasonably acceptable food.	statement	db
Remark: Much less crowded than when I last came in 2013 - possibly because of the recent sashimi scare.	statement	db
You can't get shishamo at your regular sakae sushi outlets so when you find it at a buffet, it's hard to restrain yourself from ordering a dozen of it to share with the table!	statement	db
That's the reason why this place is always packed.	statement	db
This buffet is a-la-carte style and the variety is decent enough for you to be a little bewildered about what to order.	statement	db
Space is a little tight but the hustle and bustle about is actually what adds to the experience.	statement	db
They are an especially good deal on Thursdays when they have buy one get one free.	statement	db
Friends who had the Praise the Lard and OmG burgers were very satisfied.	statement	db
instead what you see is jewel, shining bright like a diamond, next door.	statement	db
my choice is always alcove where they have more comfortable sofa seating.	statement	db
that's what i would love to see, if ever, i was stranded after a shipwreck.	statement	db
I've been a fan of jewel cafe at shenton way and was excited when this branch opened up.	statement	db
I find it incredibly offensive when restaurants try to pull a fast one on their customers.	statement	db
I won't even bother with my thoughts on the taste of the dish as I wasn't even served what was described on the menu.	statement	db
I don't know what possessed me to finish that sad bowl of yogurt.	statement	db
I gave my feedback to the staff when paying up, and asked if that was granola or oats.	statement	db
I had a plane to catch and waited forever for our bill until I went to walk up to the host stand to ask for a manager when literally a slew of people chased after me thinking I was dining and dashing.	statement	db
The ambience is pretty loud and gets even louder when the house band starts playing after 10pm, not a good place for a quiet date but perfect for pigging out with friends!	statement	db
When we turned 18, we had our birthday bash there, a little to the dismay of the wait staff who then realized what had been going on.	statement	db
Waffles and dessert was what we came for.	statement	db
Despite what my friend say (about how it's fake and all that), I'm a fan of truffle fries and was even more delighted to find truffle potato puffs.	statement	db
there isn't really a good system of waiting for tables so we were only seated about 25 mins later; the staff asked us like 5 times if we were waiting for a table and even once thought we left when we have been standing there for a long time.	statement	db
the quality of the food was definitely above average but not to the point where i wish i can have one more bite or I can't wait to come back again for more.	statement	db
the staff seemed like a fun bunch; they were friendly and looked like people who enjoy their work at the cafe.	statement	db
There were 4 wantons which was decent as some places would only give 2-3 wantons when you ordered a mix.	statement	db
My aunt was in the queue and when my mother and I arrived, we were quickly seated.	statement	db
Unlike what my mother had commented, the portion was pretty reasonable (not too small).	statement	db
Price definitely was a little steeper when compared to hawker centres but the quality is what made people queue.	statement	db
The noodles are a lot finer to what most people are used to and because of its springiness, might irritate diners by getting caught between the teeth (I should know, I got a few stuck throughout my lunch), but, however, it was still a good Plate of wanton noodles.	statement	db
Hmmm maybe the Hong Kong one but certainly not the ones in Singapore and, it is slightly on the higher end of the spectrum when compared to competitors like crystal jade etc, but it's still generally a decent bowl of wanton Mee.	statement	db
The shrimp in the wonton still has a crunch when you bite into it.	statement	db
Hearing the accent from the gentleman who served me I spoke French to him, which was great not having spoken it for some time.	statement	db
Not a place i will frequent every morning but when the craving for a nice croissant & breads - this be the place to grab some.	statement	db
The light delicate shells crackle as one bites into it and next comes the moment when the mouth is pleasantly violated with the luscious fillings.	statement	db
Unmasked by the sugar, this is one rare moment when I could really taste the pure flavors of the dairy.	statement	db
The straight forward dish without much fanciful creations in the dish is somehow what I'm looking for.	statement	db
Cream sauce is light and taste is identical to what was being used in the Ravioli dish.	statement	db
Overall, La Petite Cuisine is a commendable place and for sure I will recommend to my friends who wants to have some authentic french cuisine without breaking the pocket.	statement	db
Maybe we were lucky but the service was good when we were there.	statement	db
We were greeted in French by the French chef-owner who was sitting by the door.	statement	db
He was a bit quirky caustic with a bit of mischievous fun, very French, when interacting with the diners.	statement	db
I was a bit concerned with our friends' recommendation when we walked in due to the minimal, plastic checkerboard tables with ordering at a cashier.	statement	db
If they could figure out crowd control so a big group of diners who think they're at the beginning of the line weren't waiting at the cash register, only to be batted back so other diners who had been directed to sit down (after standing in line for 10 minutes) can now stand up to order, this place would be five stars.	statement	db
I've spent weeks stuffing my face with canard and confits and profiteroles and pâté in the south of France (where the homeliest, yummiest, and most authentic lie), and back when I couldn't afford a plane ticket to Pau or Toulouse, this was the place I went to to get as close to France as I could.	statement	db
Filipino manager was scowling at us and barking at us on where we would be seated.	statement	db
I asked how long the wait might be, he said it's busy on weekends and that's why they don't take reservations.	statement	db
I asked what time might be a good time to get there so we don't have to wait, he said 5.30pm.	statement	db
I was thus fairly upset on my latest visit when I found out that they had taken it off their menu.	statement	db
This was therefore rather refreshing, and I really enjoyed it, though maybe the escargot was a little overcooked when I had it.	statement	db
Come on Saturday, a friend in the know said, because that's when the French chef cooks.	statement	db
So I've only ever gone on a Saturday, where it is essential to go early or else wait (or split a big party), and it's always been a hoot--the service staff are brisk but will flirt with you when they're less busy, and so will Mr Chef when he's finally done cooking for the night.	statement	db
Delicious wine by the glass ($8.50+) is what first caught my attention.	statement	db
A random find that I warmly recommend to those who love simple and high quality meals and olive oil.	statement	db
Definitely magical because once you step through those doors, you leave the humidity of Singapore's weather outside - which was what we were looking for on a really sunny and warm Sunday afternoon.	statement	db
We were quickly seated as there was no queue and relatively little patrons when we arrived - there was a queue when we left, so my advice is to really get there a little earlier though the accepted is a late Sunday brunch.	statement	db
This one lacked that, the cream sauce was thin with a hint of blue cheese - a more creamy rather than cheesy version of what would've been perfect because the sauce really tasted awesome.	statement	db
The partner had the Ham and Cheese Toastie, which was totally awesome - made me regret not ordering the steak sandwich instead because of a ham and cheese could be elevated like that, I would really loved to have tried what they could do with steak and bread.	statement	db
The chairs at the window bar, where I sat, are sort of neat molded wood stool types.	statement	db
One must say that the serving staff is very friendly (although when I asked what time it was, one gave me the Philippines time ;) Not cheap but this is not a cheap location.	statement	db
The Flat White's blend came from Toby's Estate, so you know what to expect.	statement	db
A very wonderful server (I think named Edward who can def find a better place to work with his warm character) asked if we would still like our food as there had been a problem in the kitchen.	statement	db
With tons of food stores to choose from, be sure to follow where the locals eat sometimes!	statement	db
It's not hard to miss when you see people starting to queue up from a certain stall...	statement	db
In Singapore, when you do take out, food will be served like this.	statement	db
It's such a different culture, which I really appreciated when I was there.	statement	db
I definitely will come back here when I have a chance.	statement	db
It's all true what they say about Tiong Bahru market.	statement	db
This hawker centre doesn't get as much fan fare from celebrity chefs, but you know it's good when you walk in and it's filled with locals.	statement	db
( i went there too many times so auntie always knew what i normally picked for ingredients.	statement	db
I do really hope Japan has the same style of food market where have loads of different kind of ethnic food choices.	statement	db
If you're looking for a real deal hawker centre where the dishes are (way) under $6, then Tiong Bahru Market is your jam.	statement	db
I like how they serve what I believe is duck breast, as I don't have to deal with too many bones.	statement	db
So to the tourists who complain that Singapore hawker food isn't as cheap as they say it is, well... you're going to the wrong places.	statement	db
I don't know what exactly was in the syrupy stuff, but super good.	statement	db
is the reason why I'm always taking a 45-minute journey there (inclusive of walking), and the soy bean milk and bean curd vendor is the very same one from when TV was still black and white (though their prices have compounded, you know).	statement	db
I suppose you can't help but be biased towards the hawker centre that you spend most of your time at... and although when you come here often enough you will get bored of the food on offer, it's a great place to visit because there are so many good stalls, and there's also a stall turnover so you have new places to discover.	statement	db
Ventilation is no longer a problem, though I missed crowding with everyone else at tables that circled a big tree in the open air at the old smokey and hot Tiong Bahru market, where everyone was having the same wet fried sotong hokkien mee or small styrofoam plate of black fried carrot cake on a banana leaf.	statement	db
This soggy Tau Pok and You Tiao (dough fritters) may appeal to those who likes them chewy but we prefer crunchy, well-toasted ones  Hence, its twin, the Tau Kwah Poh ($4) hit the right note.	statement	db
The mango, cucumber and pineapple lent a refreshing note when dipped into the chilli sauce and rojak shrimp paste.	statement	db
(It was a non-peak timing when I went so there weren't any queues and I didn't know where to start.)	statement	db
But for those who remember the really good hawkers who used to inhabit the old hawker centre, the new 3-storey building is a bit of a hit-and-miss.	statement	db
I've had better chicken rice than what I tried here- the chicken was quite dry, although the sauce was good.	statement	db
It's honestly hard for me to describe what it is.	statement	db
Unfortunately, it's a little far for me to constantly visit them but they are still one of my favorite chicken rice restaurants to visit when I have the craving.	statement	db
What's popular now is boneless chicken rice, where they skillfully remove all the bones, either from the breast or thighs and serve it beautifully presented on a plate.	statement	db
I, on the other hand, love picking meat of the bones as that's where all the flavours are.	statement	db
While I find the chilli and dark soy sauce here pretty average, the ginger is very nice and adds an even deeper dimension when eaten with the rice.	statement	db
Unlike some places where it just seems to be a bowl of water from boiling the chicken.	statement	db
That's when I decided to start reading from the menu again ... from the beginning.	statement	db
I am going to start this new thing where places I eat at really often gets five stars, even if it is partially out of convenience.	statement	db
The quality is consistently great and for a restaurant where they serve you, it is frankly underpriced, probably because they are making a dish that is so abundantly available at hawker centers.	statement	db
I love when my husband introduces me to gems like these on Balastier Road, because it gives me a sense of what Singapore used to be like.	statement	db
The chicken, rice, veggies, soup and the additional pan fried egg, does exactly what they are suppose to-make me happy, and fill up my tummy!	statement	db
This is probably the best place along Killiney Road to get a beer - I'm talking about $5 for a glass of house wine, a bottle of cider, or beer (can't remember which they served), and the décor is tasteful and classy, the waiters are well-dressed and attentive and offer you water even if you didn't ask for it, and the owner even 'closed-one-eye' when I used one of their sockets to power up my phone.	statement	db
In addition, the steak was not sliced properly in the kitchen and when we requested for it to be properly sliced.	statement	db
I love when restaurants offer incentives like this!	statement	db
The price was a bit high for lunch, but I was really happy with the meal and the service, so I'm sure I'll be back when I'm craving a really good burger.	statement	db
It really depends on what you look for in your wonton noodles.	statement	db
The dumplings are also pretty good, with a generous filling and especially when they are deep fried.	statement	db
For those who like a soy sauce or ketchup concoction to go with their noodles, Eng's only provides a bottle of burning hot capsaicin-overload chilli sauce to go with the noodles.	statement	db
Make sure you give the noodles a quick toss when you get it so it's evenly mixed or the sauce really just sits at the bottom of the bowl.	statement	db
After reading the reviews here, I'm honestly not sure why they revolve around the staff being less than super friendly.	statement	db
There must be a reason why my colleagues would rile up the whole team, book cabs and ferry everyone all the way to tanjong katong for lunch...	statement	db
Expensive for what we got.	statement	db
The sauce is definitely bearable for chilli-takers, but I find that the bitterness (not spiciness) robs the original taste of wanton mee when squeezed in excess.	statement	db
I like how the sauce combines so well with the noodles and dumplings, so on days when I dont have the courage to tackle the chilli, I can still enjoy a great bowl of wanton noodles.	statement	db
There is always a line at all hours of the day, but unless you are stuck behind someone who is buying 100 packets, the line usually moves quite fast.	statement	db
This award-winning stall has and will definitely bring delight and childhood memories to many who have outlived the 60s to 80s.	statement	db
The Crab Timbale's name had me clueless but I googled it and realised that timbale means pan and that's exactly what it was.	statement	db
Serving size in general was also very adequate, not like french food where it's a big plate and small amounts of food.	statement	db
Chocolate Guinness Cake with Caramel Served with vanilla ice cream I am a bit disappointed when it turns out not a lava cake.	statement	db
The place was quiet when I went, but I liked it that way.	statement	db
The location is a bit hidden as it is on the 2nd level of Orchard Shopping Center, it is where Lei Garden used to be.	statement	db
They do a daily tea from 2pm to 530pm which is great timing for girls who want a nice cozy place to just catch up and natter.	statement	db
For those who drink, they do tasting sets for whiskey or some alcohol.	statement	db
There was a surprise birthday party in the lounge section that evening I was there and it turned out to be my friend's cousin who booked it for his sister.	statement	db
Yes this is expensive, moreso than any other of the Singapore high end Japanese spots (maybe moreso than ANY restaurant in Singapore, possibly more than Hashida) but you truly get what you pay for.	statement	db
Even though most top-tier sushi restaurants have chefs and staff that know their sake very well (except for a certain place that has two hotel locations and enjoys only recommending what is most expensive at both locations), Ki-sho also has an in-house sake sommelier that is the best.	statement	db
service was good though, knowledgeable staff who spoke japanese when required.	statement	db
and this is indeed what i would die for.	statement	db
Worth a try for those who like lamb.	statement	db
They do have some fish tanks out at the fron though where customers can see where their fresh catch is derived from.	statement	db
Sometimes they have putu mayam, it's just bought from somewhere but what a great dessert after the spicy savoury dishes.	statement	db
So when I know there is a restaurant selling chicken rice, I'm like meh... Just another overpriced chicken rice store to cheat the ang-mohs money...	statement	db
So, honestly, if I am around town and want some good chinese food, this is where I will go!	statement	db
For example, what is the difference between the large and small sweet and sour pork.	statement	db
For those who don't read chinese, menus are also in English.	statement	db
All in all, it was our ""go to"" stall for Chicken Rice when we lived near Killiney Road.	statement	db
The large portion is good for sharing or for one person who is particularly hungry.	statement	db
Apparently Sergeant Hainanese is a direct descendant of the man who created the chicken rice dish in Singapore.	statement	db
thank god for fast food like this when you have only few hours left in the city and couldn't leave without tasting their world renowned hainanese chicken.	statement	db
Growing up in the US , we all know that we should never have any sort of expectations when i comes to food court food, not one bit, not one once, nada!	statement	db
I didn't know what to expect when my friends took me here for food.	statement	db
And for around 5 to 6 USD the portion is what you pay for, it's not too large of portion but for Asia's standard it's reasonable.	statement	db
either way, the pizza was decent...the drink was great - cold and refreshing..just what a cooler should be.	statement	db
Too bad waiters aren't quite trained and familiar with american condiments i.e., mustard, balsamic vinegar, etc Other than that, good place for those who wants chilis or aplebees alternatives	statement	db
Surprisingly, the food tastes almost identical to what we used to eat at CPKs back home, and the portions are the true CPK portions.	statement	db
To me, pizza is the kind of food that comes to mind when I'm stuck at home feeling hungry and lazy on a rainy Saturday night.	statement	db
I think they took what is already a borderline mediocre chain restaurant in the US and made the portions smaller and the prices higher.	statement	db
California Pizza Kitchen was a favorite restaurant of mine back when I was studying in the US.	statement	db
Here in Singapore, California Pizza Kitchen has smaller servings compared to what they serve in America of course but what remains is the great tasting food and service.	statement	db
This place has 4 different counters where you can order different cuisines -- Thai, Indian, Japanese/Sushi, Chinese.	statement	db
In my opinion what sets their Xiao Long Bao apart is the soup filling, which has a better, tastier flavour.	statement	db
The spicy and sour dumplings are good but have a thicker skin when compared to Imperial Treasure's version.	statement	db
Level 4 at Takashimaya is where all most of the restaurants are at.	statement	db
There was once when I went there to have dinner on my own.	statement	db
I still favor Din tai fung over Crystal Jade, but it's still worth a visit when you're in Takashimaya shopping!	statement	db
Apparently omakase is Japanese and literally means, ""respectfully leaving another to decide what is best"".	statement	db
Great burger, def the place to detour to when you get a burger craving.	statement	db
(For those who are familiar with Shake Shack, I would say the burgers aren't that much bigger.)	statement	db
Preferring a soft bun for my burger and add the ratio of meat to bun, I thought this would be my new go to spot in Singapore when craving a cheesy bundle of beef goodness.	statement	db
I don't mind paying a premium when the quality is worth it but that just wasn't the case.	statement	db
You can't do that when you are charging so much for a burger.	statement	db
The description says ""generous"" helping of grilled mushrooms and onions, and I wonder where is the generosity.	statement	db
It's hella expensive for what it is.	statement	db
FYI this place is pretty much self-service: after you order, you pick up your drinks first, then the food when the buzzer rings.	statement	db
Slightly pricey (I would have expected to pay somewhere in the high 10s for what I got).	statement	db
For the sake of fairness, I tried again and unfortunately this is one of those times where the first impression wasn't inaccurate.	statement	db
If you've ever tried to reheat cold fries in the microwave then you'll know what I mean.	statement	db
And the beef tallow fries which took 45 mins to be served (the staff wrote me off as impatient rather than checking why my fries were missing even after 25 mins of waiting) was simply bland in taste.	statement	db
It would need to be about half aged in as large to get what I consider to be the right ratio of meat to bun.	statement	db
There's also free wifi if you want to ignore the people who were kind enough to meet you for dinner.	statement	db
But even when the place was packed, the service was pretty good by Singapore standards!	statement	db
Salmon with rice was of a decent size but salmon was completely burned so we had to scrape off the top layer ...  Service wise was also disappointing, since it was early hour of their operation, there were 2-3 servers but I had to look for them 3 times to get what I want (get a seat, take order, get a spoon).	statement	db
In short it was a very unpleasant and disappointing experience... No excuse for serving sub-standard food even when you offer discount.	statement	db
I must say, Chilis to me, much like TGI Fridays or Applebees, demands a certain level of quality across the board - things shouldn't vary TOO much across locations, since that's what people come to expect when they go to chains such as this.	statement	db
The boxed stuff gives thicker sauces than what was on that 'skillet.'	statement	db
Loved eating at Chili's Tanglin Mall..this is one of our go to place when craving for steaks.	statement	db
I don't come here often, but I will admit that when I do, I truly feel like I'm back home in the suburbs of Houston.	statement	db
They make a huge ruckus when they sing the birthday song.	statement	db
But when the first outlet at Tanglin Mall arrived on our shores, I made it a point to check it out.	statement	db
I have no idea what truly authentic mexican food is but if it's anything like what I get at Chili's then I think I'll fall in love with Mexico.	statement	db
The only thing that didn't go so well that night was that the beer from the tap that they gave to my sister was flat, and when she requested for a change, it was still the same.	statement	db
She always refilled our ice tea when its low.	statement	db
You know this before stepping in though as this is roughly where all the ramen places in Singapore have colluded to fix their price.	statement	db
One of the highlight of our Singapore holiday was when we dined at Sanpoutei Ramen at Shaw House.	statement	db
We visited Neko No Niwa everytime we went to Singapore and it was a great feeling to get to know amazing people who really cared about cats wellbeing.	statement	db
We got a bit lost when we arrived at Shaw House and I even had to google the shop front picture of Sanpoutei Ramen.	statement	db
It was quite a late dinner and we quickly decided on what we wanted to eat.	statement	db
Tsukemen is when a bowl of ramen served dry and need to be dipped into rich bowl of soup first.	statement	db
For the tsuke taste was not too bad but if you want something hot when it is cold and rainy out side this won't be it.	statement	db
When my mother asked where to eat, since I have yet tried this ramen chain, this place came to my mind.	statement	db
Took plenty and wasn't ready when my mother called the server over.	statement	db
For the drinks, I had to rethink of what I would like and the server was a little impatient and so I just go for ice green tea.	statement	db
You can find many variety of authentic indonesian food here, that you cant get any where else in Singapore, especially like Nasi Uduk, Sate Ayam Madura, Gepuk Sapi, Soto Ayam Surabaya, Ketoprak Jakarta, Nasi Goreng Tek Tek, Rawon Surabaya, Bakso Sapi Komplit and many more.	statement	db
They already open since 2007, when you visit, you will find a lot Picture of Indonesian Actor and Actress who had visited that place.	statement	db
Ordering laksa here is pretty simple - find what you want on the screen, the options are limited so it's pretty basic, choose your number and wait.	statement	db
So what does that come with:  A bowl, noodles, pretty good flavor, two shrimps, two tiny fish cakes, two cockles (very teensy cockles about the size of a pencil eraser each), bean sprouts and coriander sprinkled on top.	statement	db
In the end, I can say I've had better lahsa at Toastbox than what they served here.	statement	db
This place is probably good for those who don't take much spicy food as the laksa is not that spicy and is a pale creamy yellow.	statement	db
The ordering system is too high tech for me and I find it takes longer when the place is not busy.	statement	db
Love a place where you can get a meal and a drink for $4 and never have to talk to anyone.	statement	db
If you are one those laksa fans, you won't be disappointed by what this stall has to offer.	statement	db
It's lemak enough and if you like hum, the serving is pretty generous Prices are a bit higher than average but there are meal combos where you can get an otah and a drink with your laksa.	statement	db
Service is ok... the cook who actually prepares the laksa can be super grumpy.	statement	db
However, what separates this Char Siew vs. others is that the skin has got a serious Smokey Finish.	statement	db
The Uncle is as cool as cucumber and has this air of confidence that ""yeah, i'm the man and what I'm serving you is the da bomb diggity!""	statement	db
I look forward to trying their duck and update this review but what a splendid meal of meat over here!	statement	db
The roast pork/charsiew tastes good even when cold.	statement	db
Now I know why the reviews of this place is so positive.	statement	db
As I took a second to admire his handiwork before shovelling it into my now ravenous mouth-hole, I realised the beauty in what lay before me - the rough cut meant he did not stinge on razor-thin slivers, and the chunkier segments offered more bite and flavour, so I could really experience the char in his char siew.	statement	db
Though I did savour each tasty morsel, it was gone too soon, and all I had left was the simple soup to end what was a very tasty meal for just three dollars.	statement	db
But when we arrived, we changed our mind.	statement	db
This place is as if it stopped in time where quiet dignity and taking pride in preparing a quality filling meal were cherished.	statement	db
Wine list isn't too exhaustive but it has what you nee.	statement	db
We might be occasionally distracted by the new trendy restaurants popping up on the dining scene, but when it comes to deciding on a place where it's cosy, peaceful and reliable, we head straight for Gordon Grill.	statement	db
I don't know what it's called but it's uber yummy!	statement	db
Chance upon this place while looking for a place for dinner on  a Friday night .... Had a long walk from Tangs plaza all the way to Takashimaya and finally we get to a place where there is no queue at all.	statement	db
I've always been curious about tampopo, given that it was rather popular quite a few years back, and there are healthy queues when I pop by town on the weekend.	statement	db
it's cheap for being in town, and an almost mindless option if you're in one of those moods when food needs to fill rather than sate - but otherwise, cross the road to the sushi tei at paragon (my favorite branch of the chain).	statement	db
I used to be obsessed with Tampopo when the ramen craze had not yet reached our sunny shores, because its ramen was out-of-the-world for me.	statement	db
However, when the numerous ramen chains started to pop up all over the city, I started to neglect Tampopo...  Well, this will not happen anymore.	statement	db
There is only one thing that comes to mind when I think about Tampopo - Tonkatsu Ramen.	statement	db
I was excited when I heard that Tampopo opened up an outlet in Orchard which I frequent more than Clarke Quay.	statement	db
I was rather disappointed though when I went with my friends for dinner.	statement	db
So imagine the happiness when I saw that familiar kaisendon here!	statement	db
Teppei Syokudo is a sister outlet of the much raved teppei restaurant in tanjong pagar where customers patiently wait for a chance to reserve a dinner spot 3 months in advance.	statement	db
Back in 2011 when I was in Singapore, I used to go here every week from march - july.	statement	db
In any case, the service was bad to non-existent when we were there on a Friday night.	statement	db
The food quality was ok, as what you would get in any of the Jumbo (or the others) outlets.	statement	db
The private rooms are on the 2nd level and I am not sure if there are any elevators for those who have difficulties in climbing stairs.	statement	db
There are multiple stories so just remember where you party is if you come separately.	statement	db
Tom Ka Chicken Soup ($6)  Unlike most people who go on the search for the best Tom Yum soup, I love my Tom Ka.	statement	db
Ironically, when I took the dish home, added in some coconut milk and cooked it with fish, it turned out to be a very good fish curry.	statement	db
Overall, the food was decent but at the prices, I could see why they were so popular.	statement	db
The line forms out the door at 5:30pm when it's opened for dinner as any other cheap and great for value dining in Sing, so come early to avoid queue.	statement	db
Also, it gave me enough time to extensively study the menu and decide what to get.	statement	db
The atmosphere in the restaurant was great, it was obviously super busy but not in an annoying ""full cantine"" type of way, it was just bustling and when seated outside you could still enjoy the live music from Bar Bar Black Sheep across the street.	statement	db
I was in a pretty good mood when the check arrived as I noticed that there was no service or gst added.	statement	db
27$ for two persons, what a bargain!	statement	db
Came here with the recommendation of a friend who loves Thai food.	statement	db
For the easy on the pocket prices, I can see why it's so popular.	statement	db
i was excited about the cereal prawn because it was only $12 for quite a huge portion (based on what i saw on other tables before i ordered).	statement	db
i did however think that the cereal was lacking a little in taste when compared to what they serve at the zhi char stalls.	statement	db
One of the rare times when I would say yes to having Jap food.	statement	db
They did not provide much sauce too and when my meal was served, the sauce almost got dried up.	statement	db
Also when the original waitress came back, she was super attentive and informative.	statement	db
That was when Western cuisine was still considered rare in Japan, it is no surprise that they successfully developed a chain with 190 restaurants in Japan alone.	statement	db
Oh, this is also called a 'donburi' where the parent (chicken) and child (egg) is served in the same dish.	statement	db
The ""auntie"" who makes the chicken and the rice and the amazing soup is still there governing the place.	statement	db
This is a place where parking is limited and is in a ""so close yet so far"" location to my home.	statement	db
Like what Cheryl N reviewed, the rice is good enough to eat on its own without any dark soy sauce or even chili sauce.	statement	db
It was only when i took a closer look at the stall that i realize this is no ordinary chicken rice stall.	statement	db
DRINK ORDER offers, on the other hand were constant, and the alcoholic ones came fast.. Real problem with non-alcoholic drinks was that they had no idea what a Lemon, Lime & Bitters was..	statement	db
The food is pretty decent, but what makes this even more worthwhile (and perfect) for a quick lunch date is the ambience and the tranquil setting of the restaurant - think waterfalls, rock pools and a picturesque landscaped outdoor garden that is separated from you by a floor-to-ceiling window!	statement	db
Run by two brothers - Cedric and Phil - who are incredibly passionate about coffee, this place is one of the best places in Singapore to grab a great cup of coffee.	statement	db
DO NOT DO WHAT I DID AND ORDER A NON-COFFEE DRINK.	statement	db
Except when you've had it at other establishments in a lovely chilled separate bowl.	statement	db
for what you can expect to find in SG, this is probably as good as it gets.	statement	db
But all things cannot be achieved without a sophisticated rearing process in the case of swine production, especially when the legendary Iberian pig becomes the spotlight and well sought after by the culinary kitchen.	statement	db
Although the crumbs can be edgy and caused some discomfort when met with parts of my soft oral linings, the moisture kept in the fillet under the crisp sheath soothed the pricks I had.	statement	db
I still enjoy 'making' my own sauce and in fact, that is one of the reasons why I always order the tonkatsu set instead of my favourite Japanese dish, katsudon.	statement	db
It is nevertheless a delicious meal with free flow of shredded lettuce and a decent houji cha for those who are not looking to eat the tonkatsu.	statement	db
Very good food, good service but a little bit expensive but you get what you pay for.	statement	db
Orders get jumped by customers who order more fanciful prata.	statement	db
We will miss places like Mr. Prata when we leave Singapore!	statement	db
A great place to eat when you're hungover or just want to chat with friends 'til early morning.	statement	db
This place is just a feel good place where you can talk as loud as you can while eating a good, greasy, cheap prata like it's supposed to be made.	statement	db
This is one of those places where I would just come at night and eat outside just so that I can't see how dirty this place actually is.	statement	db
Exactly what a good manager should be doing going table to table speaking with guests, she was great.	statement	db
I expected a lot when I visited, and had middle class stake.	statement	db
The tbone wax paper thin so it was well done when though I ordered medium rare.	statement	db
I am a fan because of the memories I get when I go there.	statement	db
Honestly I do not kid when I say everything they whip up is good.	statement	db
I usually over-order when I'm here because my eyes really are bigger than my stomach.	statement	db
I am not sure why most reviewers complained about the service here.	statement	db
Come earlier, as its long queue most of the time when its lunch or dinner time.	statement	db
That was always daunting and explained why I hardly dined there.	statement	db
Even traveling with some US guys who are squeamish eaters we all had a great meal.	statement	db
Great prices for what you are getting and slap bang next to Little India MRT and Tekka Market.	statement	db
The dosai/thosai was crispy when it arrived n soaked up the curry once u pour it on.	statement	db
This is one of my favourite places to eat when I'm having Indian food cravings - its authentically served on banana leaves and you eat with your hands (well you don't have to but I recommend it).	statement	db
My favourite thing to order and share when I'm super ravenous is the special paper masala thosai - a huge crispy thosai with delicious potatoes inside.	statement	db
The service here is prompt but somewhat impersonal, but who cares, everyone is here for the food anyways.	statement	db
this is probably one of the last places where you can get a bang for your buck,  2,50 SGD yields a decent portion, tell me if you can find another stall that serves the same amount or more for the same price- it's rare.	statement	db
warning: if you are trying to cut out sugar as per what ritual suggests, stay away!	statement	db
even when i asked for no sugar, the end product was still really sweet!	statement	db
and like any good salad bar, you can actually customize what goes into your rojak.	statement	db
You take stairs down to the restaurant (so be careful of how much alcohol you consume because you will have to climb those stairs again when you leave)!	statement	db
I started with a mixed berry gin fizz ($19), which was sweet and so refreshing that I ended up ordering another (which is why I forewarn about the stairs when leaving).	statement	db
I'm rating them 4.5 out of 5 stars because the prices were a bit high for what it was, but we'll definitely be back.	statement	db
Lastly, the group tried 2 desserts, the flourless chocolate cake was exactly  what you are looking for, dense, moist, delicious and chocolatey, and we got a fruity pinapple passion cake which tasted light and airy with a feeling of spring.	statement	db
Why of course not.. Price is a bit steep for what it is.	statement	db
When he finally attended to us, he took a long time looking for our reservation and gave us a seat right under the blazing sun even when we requested to be seated inside where it was vacant.	statement	db
The brunch menu's eggs benedict/free form eggs are my usual order when I'm here, and while the 7-layer pancake sounds like a lot to stomach, it's actually only about 2-full pancakes, as it looks like a slice of crepe cake rather than 7 full pancakes.	statement	db
First up, when we first arrived, they did not have our reservation.	statement	db
I showed them the reservation confirmation email from http://www.reserveit.sg/   I am not sure why it was an issue.	statement	db
I have no idea why they decided to bread them before frying them.	statement	db
But, it fell well short of what I expect from top-notch steak houses.	statement	db
One word of advice, don't stuff yourself silly to what you see on the buffet table, pace yourself for the varieties.	statement	db
The truffle fries are what stands out for me.	statement	db
I like the creativity that goes into establishments like House, turning what was essentially a former office in a barrack (my uncle used to work here) into a restaurant.	statement	db
It was very busy and loud when we were there.	statement	db
I was sort of giving up on this place when we all shared the pear cake, fudge cake, and also the lemon cheesecake, all of which were super great and awesome.	statement	db
I guess that's an acceptable reason but still, it wouldn't take 45 minutes to prepare our mains, especially when the neighboring tables all got served though they were seated much later than us!!	statement	db
Their food is alright but maybe it's better to come on weekdays when it is less crowded.	statement	db
I noted however that the next table was given the lunch menu when they were seated shortly after us.	statement	db
Not to mention the inconsistent position taken when I first arrived at the restaurant.	statement	db
And it's not like they suffer from lack of customers on weekends - the place was full when I was there at around 4 pm on Saturday.	statement	db
I've always enjoyed the chinese stewed fatty pork bun so when I saw an upscale version of it on the House menu, i had to try it.	statement	db
Prices are reasonable (by Orchard Road standards, anyways), and the staff was attentive when we were there, but this was closer to 2pm on a Monday, so not exactly peak time.	statement	db
Great place for a meetup with friends where food isnt the focus.	statement	db
Each reservation, I was told by the waiter who seated us, is for only 100 minutes (that's 1 hour 40 minutes).	statement	db
I can't remember what it's called but it was average - 3 stars.	statement	db
All in all, i would recommend this place to people who seeks for a good brunch at central location.	statement	db
The seats at the long table was uncomfortable, and the whole place feels gloomy when there's few customers but resembles a fish market when crowded.	statement	db
No need to queue and you are guaranteed a table when you arrive!	statement	db
As this outlet is also larger, you wont have the issue of tables being too close to the next so you have more privacy when dining.	statement	db
Not only that, for those who love the Wild Honey Concept so much, you can actually reserve their terrace for private parties!	statement	db
Their blender was not working when I went there so I couldn't order ice blended drinks but the recommended the Queen Bee iced drink.	statement	db
I tried the sour cherry strudel when i was there recently (not fantastic) and they also have more tea cakes and stuff.	statement	db
Jumpin right in, we were seated outdoors (you can indicate preferences on the iPad), and it being my first time, I took about 5-7 minutes to decide what I wanted whilst we were served water and the orange juice I ordered (Which was fresh, not too sour, good job once again).	statement	db
It looked fantastic, and he isn't too expressive about food but just gave me a thumbs up and a sigh of satisfaction when he was done.	statement	db
Meal ordered: Duck confit hash with eggs and potatoes  Pros: 1) There was a wait when I arrived on a Saturday morning, and I received a text message when they were ready to seat me.	statement	db
Also, they didn't bat an eye when we told them we were splitting an entree, in fact, they split it onto two plates.	statement	db
In between my friend's church wedding and wedding dinner reception next door at the Hyatt, i managed to meet another friend for coffee here (talk about multitasking; gotta keep the schedule going when you're visiting for only 2.5 weeks).	statement	db
It's definitely overpriced, but i look forward to checking out their brunch or dinner service when i visit again	statement	db
The downside is the price (well its in Orchard road, what do you expect), some dishes aren't too fantastic (e.g.	statement	db
The hostess stand had an iPad where we checked in digitally and received texts regarding the status of our table.	statement	db
We received a call when our table was ready and were greeted by a friendly gentleman apologizing for how crazy it was, but we weren't concerned at all because it was a holiday weekend.	statement	db
So there I was waiting alone outside while the restaurant slowly filled up, to the point where by the time all my friends arrived, we had to be seated at a table for 4, with an additional chair squeezed in.	statement	db
My wife's French press coffee was light yellow in color, when we asked if they could make it stronger we were told no... And my sandwich came out with the bread soggy.	statement	db
At 12:10 they brought the check and asked us to leave for the next reservation who were waiting outside.	statement	db
She told us that since we came early, the 90 minutes started when we sat down.	statement	db
Had a really awful experience at Wild Honey where we waited over an hour for our food.	statement	db
I first tried the char siew bao a few years ago when my colleague gave me one to try.	statement	db
It is definitely better when served fresh off the steamer.	statement	db
And as the their name states, they are all handmade and started by Mr Yeoh who is Teochew.	statement	db
:)  For those who are sticking around for this review, Hi!	statement	db
they had 2 incompetent wait staff, who are rightfully, no longer with them.	statement	db
when queried, another staff came over and said,"" it's like that and that's why we have a tray!""	statement	db
then these 2 incompetent dudes were due for lunch break and both wanted to go off together when the ramen joint was still full of customers!	statement	db
service is now back to what japanese service should be.	statement	db
Originated from Osaka, Japan, this place is famous for their kazan (volcanic) ramens, where their famed tonkotsu broth is poured onto the ramen on a stone bowl and cooked until the steam comes out (which according to them is volcanic eruption!).	statement	db
There is ALOT of vegetables, not unlike what you get from bario at ramen challenge, bugis.	statement	db
They'll bring the dish across the street to where you are sitting.	statement	db
So when my friends in Singapore asked if I wanted some frog legs, I said, sure, why not.	statement	db
A bit strange for dinner though, because the only times I've eaten rice porridge in the past was either: 1) when I was sick and my mother made it for me when I was little, or 2) after a night of clubbing the O.C.	statement	db
The ambiance is what it is; you do not go here for a white table cloth and a waiter serenading the table.	statement	db
There are daily specials on rotation so you never know what is available - Hainanese pork chop, curry pork chop chap chye rice, sweet and sour fish, sweet and sour pork, fish and chips, yong tau foo (ampang style).	statement	db
Just order what they are good at ..	statement	db
I've visited here a few times and have always been lucky enough to show up at times when it wasn't too crowded or loud.	statement	db
The coconut chrysanthemum wasn't quite what I expected.	statement	db
The restaurant was empty when we were there so service was not an issue since we were the only customers.	statement	db
Might not be the case when there's more people around though.	statement	db
So I'm not sure if I can really review this place considering I'm not really sure what exactly good hotpot entails, but what I can say is that I really like this place.	statement	db
drinks are not included and a few other dishes that are ordinarily included in such buffets are charged separately, limiting the variety available to someone who just wants to stick to the per pax buffet price.	statement	db
So if you're not careful, the final bill may come up to alot more than you were willing to pay for when you first entered the shop.	statement	db
A- OK, if you know what you're going for.	statement	db
On a Thursday night (7+pm), it was pretty crowded here and what caught me was the advertisement on the wall (Rated #1 Gyoza in Singapore).	statement	db
The crispness at the bottom of the dumplings and the combination of the roes when it burst made the taste lingering.	statement	db
Still my go to place when I crave little Japanese dumplings, or as I like to call 'little morsels of manna'.	statement	db
And what you are the benefactor of is consistency.	statement	db
A very limited menu, as it should be, so they can concentrate, then improve and perfect what they are good at.	statement	db
And I like the seasoned guy who continues to make the fried rice one batch at a time.	statement	db
One other knock was the food portion was much smaller than the what you expect from the pics you see.	statement	db
For what it's worth, my friend loved the sweet and sour pork here, and polished off two plates of it.	statement	db
Though I have no idea why anyone would order that for dimsum...	statement	db
The same standards apply to the restaurants as well and i was fortunate to experience what fine Cantonese dining means at the award winning Yan Ting.	statement	db
This casserole pot dish came about when villagers offered the best ingredient they have in their home for sharing during the festive season in the old days.	statement	db
But when the Wok Fried Glutinous rice with Wind Dried Sausages was served, i finished every single grain.	statement	db
I used to love Yan Ting and was a big fan when they first opened years ago.	statement	db
Here, Yan Ting has quite a few exceptionally good dim sum but some mediocre micro dishes; unlimited orders when you opt for a buffet-style.	statement	db
The exceptionally good XO sauce has gone to waste when it failed to permeate the rice rolls, merely coating them - tasteless with a missing soul.	statement	db
We couldn't even finish a serving of it, and the wait staff didn't bother to ask why we barely touched that dish.	statement	db
Came here today in particular cos it is located indoors in a shopping mall and away from the hazy outdoors where brunch is usually done in.	statement	db
Almost as good as what I had back in Australia.	statement	db
Service is friendly, with a smile and they are quick in assisting you when seated.	statement	db
I also had a latte, which tasted pretty standard which is what I was looking for.	statement	db
Damnit, people, that's why it's dessert.	statement	db
I was quite shocked when I was given ham like the ones you find in NTUC..	statement	db
I can't taste what is different in between foie gras, black truffle or crab roe.	statement	db
Bangkok Gem (not Bangkok Jam which is awful) which is next to Kimchi Xpress is manned by Thais (at least when I was there).	statement	db
Friends who have tried the salad said it is not good.	statement	db
The menu says value meal $10 for rice, 4meats, veg,peanut and wanton soup I guess it should be a little bit of each for sampling , which is fine for me But in the end I was given rice, 2 meat, peanut, 2 stalk of vegetable and a plain soup When I ask the stall owner , they say I order another set meal which is also $10 When I order I say set meal, they only ask me $10 or $15  How will I know they hv 2 types of $10 meal !	statement	db
Tried this place for the second time, when I come to Singapore for business trips I normally stop nearby so it's within walking distance.	statement	db
Other people who think this place has the best tonkatsu either they haven't had real good ones or I was just unlucky to be facing a gruesome experience here.	statement	db
Well, I also haven't been to Tonkichi in a really long time and that used to be my go-to place for gd tonkatsu, but my bro said this place won over Tonkichi when he went on a tonkatsu hunt with his gf.	statement	db
Sometimes when I go to a place like this I am afraid that I want to give them five stars only to justify how much I spent, so I don't feel like a sucker.	statement	db
It's not to say that the regular version was shoddy, but it just paled so much in comparison when side by side with the Spanish cut.	statement	db
Icy cold, the servers would come around offering extra servings of fibre, which went very well when liberally doused with the accompanying sesame dressing.	statement	db
I guess my table manners go out the door when it comes to succulent sauce.	statement	db
The temperature rivaled Antarctica and as a result we shifted not once, not twice but three times until we finally found a spot where we could feel our toes and fingers.	statement	db
Service was spotty, sometimes we got what we asked and sometimes not.	statement	db
Come soon as this place will close at the end of 2016 when redevelopment takes place.	statement	db
It's always disappointing when a place becomes understaffed and no longer cares about service or food quality, and standards deteriorate dramatically.	statement	db
Located in the HDB Block of 12 Dakota Crescent, the Coffee shop is located in what looks like an old shop house.	statement	db
The current owner immediately wanted to take over the shop when the previous owners decided to retire.	statement	db
The Banana Chocolate Muffin ($3.50) is heated up when it was served.	statement	db
Do take note of your table when making payment at the cashier.	statement	db
I'm a huge huge fan of KL kin kin chili pan mee (used to love the one at mcpherson but it sucks now), and so when I saw that there was another one in another area I decided to check it out.	statement	db
Even the original Kin kin which now resides in Singapore is no where close to the KL kin kin!	statement	db
The noodle was stuck together (like a lump) when I was about to consume it.	statement	db
I just don't understand why they give such a miserly portion of their chilli, which is in a tiny plastic container.	statement	db
The drink was honey lemon that tasted a tad salty hopefully from the 2 slices of lemon and not from some where else.	statement	db
Everything else I've tried so far (including drinks) is so-so, so why bother when the prata is *this* good.	statement	db
However, when I tasted it, it is so hard and not crispy at all.	statement	db
The Maggie goreng is the best among what we ordered.	statement	db
Honestly for me, the curry is what made the roti prata for me.	statement	db
For those of you who are unfamiliar, milo is a Nestle branded powdered chocolate milk drink but mmm it's so good.	statement	db
My only gripe about this place is if you're there when it's really crowded, service can get extremely, extremely slow - which is the reason for my 4 stars instead of 5.	statement	db
Heaven on earth for anyone who doesn't mind increasing their calories count at late night!	statement	db
Simply pick it up from the counter and then the servers will charge you when your meal is done.	statement	db
Sure, parkings a little toughie and the floor of this place is kinda oily (you can literally slide around like you're ice skating), but what can I say - that's how all the best, most authentic places are!	statement	db
This used to be my regular dinner place when I was interning at Mediacorp.	statement	db
don't get me wrong, I'm an ""ang mo"" who can take more spicy food than your average ""ang mo"" no doubt, but this was a bit spicier for my liking.	statement	db
just the year before when I had come to singapore, prices for the nasi dishes and biryani dishes were a little over $3 and now it's gone up to $6+ a dish!	statement	db
Supper and roti prata tend to be synonymous in my family and when one of us gets the craving for one or the other, The Roti Prata House at Upper Thomson Road used to be a given.	statement	db
One server asked me if I didn't like the food because my plate was clean and when I said that I was eating and a cockroach crawled onto my plate, he laughed.	statement	db
They used escolar, a fish that has a buttery rich flavour that gets nicely charred on the outside when grilled.	statement	db
For some reason, the rasmalai (cottage cheese dessert) wasn't that great, it tasted weird and was rather dry when it arrived.	statement	db
(I fell off my chair when I counted 3 digits in front of the decimal point) Similar or better Indian food could be had elsewhere in Singapore for much much less.	statement	db
Unless you have cash to spare, you can do better wandering over to Serangoon Road where a plethora of indian food choices await...	statement	db
However, I am very shocked that this happened to us because my family has had other Indian food at hawker centres/ food court/ kopitiams before and we were ok (being Singaporeans, we do consume a fair portion of Indian food so I am not sure why this happened).	statement	db
Always consistent, satisfying Indian tandoor and more  It's one of the longest-serving Indian restaurants (I understand that the owners of this particular hotel are Indian) since 1985, and you can bet they know what they are doing.	statement	db
I'm not sure why there are so few Filipino restaurants in Singapore despite the large Filipino population, but I'm hoping I can find a better one.	statement	db
Ive probably been here over 20 times and i always order the same thing: the chicken kebab wrap with all sorts of fresh veggies (you can add/subtract what u want, kinda like subway), hommus (extra $1) and spicy habanero and cucumber mayo (all for $6.50)  The chicken is made fresh on site (on a rotisserie spit) and im pretty sure the hommus, salsa and veggies are all prepared on site too.	statement	db
Service - there isn't any queue on most days but even when there is one, it moves quickly.	statement	db
Although it may be a little pricy for some (mine cost $6.20 without cheese) you get what you pay for.	statement	db
It's a good day when you can pick up a quick, satisfying meal, but not feel guilty about what you just devoured (though of course I love a greasy burger or char kway teow).	statement	db
But the chicken in the kebab is spit roasted chicken and my mouth always waters ever so slightly when I see the succulent, juicy chicken rotating on that spit.	statement	db
So you better know what you are ordering and if you do, be sure you order US Prime aged beef.	statement	db
They have inside and outside seating for you who love to watch people and the crowds outside.	statement	db
In the inside as you walk-in by the small counter where they bake their own small pita shaped bread that is served with butter.	statement	db
Waitress very reluctantly obliged (don't understand why when it's the same price).	statement	db
That is exactly what happened at Bedrock.	statement	db
Second, we liked what they did with the small alfresco space outside adding a bar snacks menu.	statement	db
The waiters here are remarkably attentive, we didn't have to ask for anything, they were the ones asking my boyfriend and I about our preferences, what drinks would we like, if we would like second helpings for their complimentary bread with roasted garlic and butter etc.	statement	db
Next was my Tuna Steak which I asked for medium rare.. and it was cooked exactly like what I requested.	statement	db
The steak was a bit tough to cut, but it was partly because the knives provided as part of the table setting were less effective...then the waiter offered better ones when they saw us having trouble (this was a bit strange that they didn't just offer better knives in the first place).	statement	db
Laksa and the bento is what I order regularly.	statement	db
When they were classmates in school, Justin who was vegetarian since young had to bring packed lunch to school as there was no vegetarian food stall in school then.	statement	db
Not a bad choice when one is trying to eat clean or want a taste of vegetarian food, which is different from the usual vegetarian bee hoon stalls.	statement	db
A relatively humble restaurant in the glossy surroundings of paragon mall, I was more interested in the food quality for my visiting mother who had a craving for Indonesian food...  Only able to make reservations up to 730pm, we arrived at 745pm and faced a 30 minute wait...	statement	db
that's what those peas are called!)	statement	db
But it is great that they do serve 1-dish meal so it does make it a good spot for a quick lunch when you are on your own.	statement	db
A definite stop when in the mood for good Indonesian food!	statement	db
Instead, it is like what Richard (fellow yelper) has reviewed, they are very good in their dried claypot dishes.	statement	db
It was my mum who introduced us to this shop, and we have been coming here for more than 10 years.	statement	db
He belongs to the camp in SG where he prefers his Bak Kut Teh soup to be clear & peppery.	statement	db
Came here a few times when I was staying in the area.	statement	db
The staff are friendly and recognised me on my return visits and knew exactly what I wanted - great service.	statement	db
Serve this dish with rice or youtiao and your in heaven  Depending on who you are, you're either a peppery clear soup Bak Kut Teh kind of guy or the Herbal Soup Bak Kut Teh aficionado.	statement	db
But I think it is going to be a pass for me next time when I am in town.	statement	db
Feel the labour crunch when I heard they r no longer offering own-cooked barley drink.	statement	db
This little bak kut teh place was not very crowded on the Thursday afternoon when I was there, which according to my friends is quite unusual.	statement	db
Parking can be tricky - if you're lucky you'll find a space in their private carpark (strictly for patrons only), or if not try going a little bit later in the afternoon when it's not so crowded... this place is open all the way till 4am!	statement	db
), Great Band, Great Ambience (but it can get a little loud at times when they raise the volume of the music).	statement	db
A bit overpriced for what you were getting.	statement	db
Seated by the hostess who did not appear to like her job.	statement	db
When I comnented on the balasmic vinagrette dress I was served, the hostess responded rudely, ""You asked for vinager and this is what we have.""	statement	db
After making a second request for vinager to a second waitress who promptly and apologetically brought me white wine vinager, which at this point I gave up asking.	statement	db
The place is nice for a quiet chill with friends as it is big, great for groups, nice on a balmy evening when it is not too humid.	statement	db
Much like the bigger red dot we're all living on, how much you like Reddot Brewhouse really depends on what you're expecting and what you're looking for.	statement	db
Instead, expect what you'd expect of a casual pub with a good band.	statement	db
Also, they were nice enough to let us move to the smoking area on the patio after the staff dried everything off (I don't know why they weren't prepared for the daily rainstorms we have!)	statement	db
However, I really liked the second act- a man and woman who just sang with a keyboard.	statement	db
Also, the only place I know where you can have green beer year round, as opposed to only on St. Paddy's day.	statement	db
The tarts are super delicious when they are fresh out of the oven.	statement	db
I can't imagine why anyone would stop at 1 though!	statement	db
The former options involve small individual stoves on the Low tables where you cook the fresh meats and seafood you order off the menu.	statement	db
Sauces were a little different from what I'm used to but had good flavour and fundamentally had the sweet / piquant / savoury balance.	statement	db
Not knowing what to expect with Vietnamese barbecue, I found out that it's basically a simple cook it yourself concept.	statement	db
V willing to change the grill when it gets black.	statement	db
Remember to press the button on the table when one is ready to order.	statement	db
The miso ramen on the seasonal menu was recommended to us when we wanted something more heavy.	statement	db
The only thing I would warn against is that you get some kind of appetizer when you arrive that's automatically brought to your table.	statement	db
Tea is also not complimentary, when the tea at Jun Sushi, the sister restaurant next door, is complimentary.	statement	db
On that day, I've heard stories (almost like tales and legends) about this place from my cousin who brought me there.	statement	db
After having the experience of eating there, I've been waiting and thinking about what to write of this place because it just brings in so many mixed emotions.	statement	db
Emotion 1: Negativity When you eat here for the first time, you'd better know you are paying big bucks here.	statement	db
Emotion 2: Gradual acceptance When the wave of food comes, the person who brought you there will rave all about it.	statement	db
You may come to gradually accept that it is good, but not all that good and worth it though for what they (or rather, he) charges you.	statement	db
I was too full I couldn't stomach any more stuff no matter what delicacy from heaven it is.	statement	db
They all said ""it wouldn't taste as good when you bring home"".	statement	db
The stories I read about him made it sound like an urban legend - there are no menus, you order what he tells you to have, you sit down patiently for over an hour and don't ask for him to hurry up, the place is located in Singapore's red-light district area in a shophouse that is dishelved and probably unrenovated for the past forty years; and the price is an exorbitant $80 USD minimum per person for seafood dishes.	statement	db
He tailors the portions so we don't have a choice of what size of dish to order.	statement	db
That said, the food tasted superb, and when I chatted with another table of tourists sitting across us, they also knew the price range and so it seems like everyone who comes here knows what they are getting into.	statement	db
The local news had also covered this issue about pricing - you can be the judge for yourself by referring to this article that was published a few years ago (http://sg.news.yahoo.com/blogs/singaporescene/yes-food-expensive-100015055.html)  All said, I am glad that I tried this place, and I am happier that I went in with a full knowledge of what to expect.	statement	db
But I won't be back, there are just many other places where I can spend good money to get great food.	statement	db
I pity the tourist who shows up at Sin Huat without clear expectations about what he or she is getting into!	statement	db
Ordered crab bee hoon, cockles, and veggie for 4 people - enough food for everybody and nobody complains about taste or portion, although we kinda hesitate when we saw the bill.	statement	db
He is proud of his crabs and you'd better order crabs when you're there.	statement	db
For those of you who don't know of its infamy, Anthony Bourdain featured SH in his tour of Singapore in 2005-2006.	statement	db
Its a spot I like to take people who are visiting because you wont find it anywhere else.	statement	db
My wife had what she described as the best burger she has had in Singapore.	statement	db
One important fact to keep in mind about both of these dishes, Barbecue and Chili are hotly debated US dishes, depending on the region and the proper preparation method, so take my review for what it is worth and don't argue with me about direct or indirect, dry or sauce, spaghetti, beer or beans.	statement	db
I'm just telling you what they serve and that I enjoyed the result, but do acknowledge there are many different ways to go about it.	statement	db
Where to start.... the service is almost non-existent, even on a quiet night I was ignored when entering and had to move myself when it started to rain, they forgot my fiends order and we were ignored thereafter, to the extent that I had to stand up and wave a serviette to get someone's attention away from the game on the TV.	statement	db
Come on weekday evenings when it's less crowded for better service level #ThomtoriEats	statement	db
this should be a 5 star... but their parking stinks, since you have to park on the street... this in itself would not make them lose a star, but when we ordered they did not have the hand cut fries or beef rice.	statement	db
What I was hoping for was BBQ that was equivalent to the larger BBQ chains in the US and that is what I got.	statement	db
Most of the staff are very friendly and helpful, there has only been one time where we felt our server was less than an average standard of professionalism but perhaps we caught him on a bad night.	statement	db
At the end of the night, we had a shock when the bill was presented to us.	statement	db
We only found out when the bill came & we saw the prices.	statement	db
The waitress handling the bill went to get a senior person, presumably the manager, who could only say 'he can't help us' flatly without leaving room for any discussion.	statement	db
I'm always a sucker for buffalo wings so when I saw this on the menu, I decided to give this place a try.	statement	db
You know that when the inside is still cool but, the outside was just warm and re-cooked crisped.	statement	db
I can tell you they do and that usually happens when a BBQ Place is trying to hide something.	statement	db
It's a lovely place in my neighbourhood to take guests when we want something a bit more low key, to have a good chat over drinks.	statement	db
At no point did the waitresses who took out orders say anything about alcohol.	statement	db
There was a sign in the restaurant saying that people who don't drink alcohol aren't welcome -- but again it does not explicitly say everyone present must drink.	statement	db
Very very rude and I don't know who tell him I can't hv a drink or buy drinks for myself.	statement	db
On my first visit when my friend took me there, he told me about the ""rule"" that to get a seat you need to order alcohol.	statement	db
Understandably that causes some distress in people who don't drink but to be fair it is an izakaya which is literally a place for drinks so make some alcoholic friends!	statement	db
I think need to be fair with those who don't drink	statement	db
They probably do not understand what an Izakaya is.	statement	db
Yes there is this new rule that you need to order a drink with dinner but, that's what makes the whole deal better...!	statement	db
You know how it goes- a colleague tells you ""hey I know a good place for lunch"", you go there, tell someone else in your workplace the same, and the next thing you know - half of the people sitting in the shop when you visit are people you're working with.	statement	db
This place was a regular spot for lunch given its proximity to my workplace and a pretty safe option when you have too many people who aren't very sure about what they'd like.	statement	db
It's not dirt cheap but you get a pretty good portion for what you're paying (about $4-6) and it's filling!	statement	db
The soup is savoury and tastes (not sure if MSG) authentic and deeply flavoured, and the bits of yong tau foo you select are also relatively large pieces that are surprisingly filling (especially when compared to the sort you get at typical food court stores).	statement	db
Their soup came served with a blob of cream and when you mix it in yourself, it just added another layer of sensation to the soup experience.	statement	db
I will have to update when I've had a chance for a bite but for Saturdays when I'm at the Thomson area, it's lovely to refuel on caffeine at this cafe so near to where I need to be, not ulu at all, easy parking nearby, cool aircon and a place to chat with a friend.	statement	db
And I mean the type I got used to when I was living in Melbourne.	statement	db
I will admit that I didn't intend to order so many items when I first entered, but was enticed moreso by the value for money of the set.	statement	db
The mushroom soup was EXCELLENT, better than what I'm used to getting at even French restaurants.	statement	db
The restaurant is supposedly opened by a company who is a seafood wholesaler and they supplies to the famed fish markets in Japan.	statement	db
I will always have the salmon, fatty tuna, scallops and swordfish sashimi when I am there.	statement	db
it's difficult to find a really good mid-range japanese restaurant now - there's a large unoccupied chasm between between the cheaper chains (though I love them) and the posher japanese joints where you get your sushi warmed by the hands of the chef (and your wallets emptied by the skill of their cashiers), and so my excitement over this place is both right and just.	statement	db
Just watch if you sprinkle any extra chilli powder when windy because I ended up with some in my eye whilst sitting in the outdoor eating area.	statement	db
I always get the dry noodles with pork ribs - I feel the noodles don't get as soggy and soup-laden (not that it's a bad thing), and I get to drink the soup separately, apart from the chili and what nots that find their way into the bowl.	statement	db
It is however pricy given what you get, a small bowl.	statement	db
Not sure why ngoh hiang stalls are regularly found alongside prawn mee.	statement	db
and the parking attendent comes pretty frequently to fine people who were illegally parking on the double yellow lines (be warned).	statement	db
I had the soup version when I was younger but have grown to love the ""dry"" version.	statement	db
You can order your noodles in soup or with soup on the side - the latter makes for a better choice because you will be able to enjoy the rich broth in its original form, especially fantastic when spiced up with a bit of chilli from the noodles.	statement	db
There are people who pick the pork ribs and prawn option.	statement	db
The portion you get isn't really what you'd expect from paying $5.50 but I still think it's worth a try.	statement	db
Potential meaning when she asked to heat it up , she microwaved it rather than the proper reheating machine which maybe the ""crumble"" dessert is a a mush dessert.	statement	db
The mango lassi was way too sweet to my liking, but I've always been a person who prefers subtly sweet treats.	statement	db
Considering the amount of choice around Orchard, I don't understand why there are so many customers.	statement	db
Because that's the one reason to go - 50% off most things, bringing the price slightly below what is normal for what is served.	statement	db
It might look better once the works are finished; part of the issue is that one side of the sitting area where food is served is a construction wall.	statement	db
Staff is unfriendly and seems to be reluctant when we add additional requests on the food and drink.	statement	db
I did not need to add the syrup, except when the cream ran out.	statement	db
I went because I remember D&D from my time in New York where I occasionally bought something.	statement	db
So I went up to the counter where I learnt that yes, this is where I had to order.	statement	db
The coffee was ok, but what really upsets me is that they don't serve water with my coffee.	statement	db
I ordered espresso and when I asked for water, they said they don't have it.	statement	db
The staff were very unhelpful, and even when I asked for things, I either got ignored, or they just sullenly pointed in a general direction.	statement	db
we left wholly disappointed - and it was a pretty expensive meal, especially for what we got - and so the emptiness of the cafe even at dinnertime (yes, I like breakfast for dinner) is rather justified.	statement	db
There was so much hype about this New York deli coming to Singapore, so I wasn't sure I wanted to head there in the opening weeks where there were bound to be hordes of people checking out the new hip hangout.	statement	db
Not sure if it was where my table was but that aircon was COLD.	statement	db
The staff will serve your food when it's ready which takes about 10-15mins during peak hours.	statement	db
While I was there, I overheard diners complaining on wrong orders and the long wait for the food, so please check your orders with the wait staffs or when it fails to arrive.	statement	db
Anyway, I regretted having American Country breakfast, but I wish I could have more choices when the hot-favorite Brioche French Toasts was sold out for the day.	statement	db
So we decided to head to the market to discover it was closed for cleaning (I never saw Nik's tip until too late - see, this is where Yelp can be really useful if one actually looks through all the tips and photos)  Back to this place again where I ordered the wanton noodles.	statement	db
I did not order what Nik ordered so my char siew was thinly sliced and not as succulent looking as Nik's picture.	statement	db
best bet is to park at the multi-storey carpark located just behind the coffee shop where HFK is located.	statement	db
it's really healthy, especially when you ask for fatty char siew!	statement	db
What I mean by that is - I'm actually a pretty big eater (probably an understatement) and if I was really hungry, I think 2 of me could easily eat 2 portions of what I ordered.	statement	db
I'd post pictures but the ones already up are pretty true to what you'll be having.	statement	db
The sizzling sound if food cooking in the kitchen is what drew me there.	statement	db
Wrapping the whole experience is the attentive and friendly waiters who are always ready to refill your empty free iced water drinks.	statement	db
This place is not the typical super loud Japanese restaurant when the waiters yell ""welcome, thank you...etc"" non-stop.	statement	db
In order to dine at Shinji, you need to go to the Marriott Tang Plaza and walk to what looks like a quaint Japanese house.	statement	db
Frankly, I can't figure out what criteria Michelin gave to award the One Star Sushi spots with their respective stars other than they are all in hotel properties and have Ginza sister restaurants.	statement	db
Really there's no need to be fancy for brekkie when the ingredients are good (hello ooooozy yolk).	statement	db
Was more expertly prepared than I expected, which is why I'm rating it 4 stars.	statement	db
It was crowded, and the staff weren't very on the ball when it came to seating waiting customers.	statement	db
Seating done by a list is not extremely effective if you have a maitre'd who is easily pushed around.	statement	db
Granted it was a Saturday afternoon and from what I've heard (they're always packed), I felt that it should have been made clear that there was a waiting list for seating.	statement	db
They used vegetables that all had the same consistency--a bit mushy--and was hard to discern what was what.	statement	db
Remember to get a table by the window when you dines at the restaurant.	statement	db
The menu above is catered for chinese vegetarians who do not take garlic, onion and spring onions.	statement	db
I've been here twice, once with my girlfriend and another with my family and both times I've been quite happy with what I got.	statement	db
This is the kind of place you bring somebody who is against vegeterian food.	statement	db
I can't remember every dish in my meal but I really liked the starter platter that had what I think was a strip of carrot, but with the texture of fish (!	statement	db
The restaurant is hidden on the 12th floor in what I think is the dumbest mall layout in town.	statement	db
I didn't know what to expect and the food here just blew me away.	statement	db
So we came all the way to their Toa Payoh branch cos we heard that over there has a much lesser queue, which was true when we came.	statement	db
It didn't break easily when I picked it up, and it's chewy and there is no weird (preservative) after taste like you'd taste in a cheap dim sum stalls.	statement	db
Coming from the States though, it just felt a little weird nobody asked me what kind of tea I wanted before I sat down.	statement	db
1 MINUTE later when I arrived at the front of the restaurant there was more than 20 people in the queue.	statement	db
Manager's name was - ANNIE Person who answered the phone and managed the queue was LI QUN  Management who read this, feel free to contact me directly to respond to this.	statement	db
The first thing you'll notice when you visit this Toa Payoh branch is that there are actually seats for the queue and cordoned off areas.	statement	db
Such a waste of time when we have such fleeting lives!	statement	db
Har Gao was the other standout where the texture of the skin being perfect made it possibly the best I've had.	statement	db
If you hate long lines like me and always wonder what you miss by opting out of that line, take comfort.	statement	db
I finally was able to try their food when I decided to visit this outlet at Toa Payoh when I heard they opened.	statement	db
Priority were given to ERA agents (not surprising, since Tim Ho Wan is owned by Hersing Corporation, who owns ERA as well) and that the rest will have to wait at the join-in queue (on a Saturday there weren't much ERA agents around).	statement	db
I'm torn when it comes to choosing between soba and ramen, but if I had to choose, I guess it would have to be soba as I find it's not as 'heavy' as ramen.	statement	db
Personally, I find the cold soba noodles a much better option as they retain the springiness when you bite down on them.	statement	db
I am really picky about my soba since I have been to Japan many times for work and fun and I know what it's supposed to taste like.	statement	db
Could not taste the mayo in it, but the patty was surprisingly good, even when it was minced very finely.	statement	db
I will never had enter the restaurant if not for the generous person who treat me.	statement	db
The place is empty when we arrived in between lunch and dinner time but can get very crowded during dinner time.	statement	db
Observing what other customers order, I already decided what I want to have the next time I am here.	statement	db
With moderated expectations, I picked out a few good appetisers: the pork-and-cabbage dumplings (gyoza) were done crispily and firmly, and didn't disintegrate when I dipped them in vinegar.	statement	db
The following was what we had:  - Crackers were served the moment we sat down: It resembled the crackers they put in the prosperity Yu Sheng, except this was crunchier and more addictive.	statement	db
I think the one minus to Bari-Uma is its inconsistency, but when they're on song, the charsiu here is amongst the best in Singapore, fatty, smoky, and delicious.	statement	db
They aburi it before serving so there's that extra smokiness for those who like it.	statement	db
I know ramen is very subjective, so here are my reasons why this is a fiver:  1) The char shu is so freakin' awesome.	statement	db
5) Service is pretty good even when the place gets crowded and the food is consistent.	statement	db
Yes, that's what the Singapore dining experience comes down to.	statement	db
Restaurant was less than a fifth full when we went at 1pm on a Sunday .	statement	db
The head waiter came and explained that we were asking to sit where they normally seat 8 (the tables for 2 are joined together).	statement	db
Don't want this to sound like a long whine but in the end,  this is another restaurant with inflexible seating policies and a bad egg (no pun intended) waitress who (denied she said those words) should be in another line of work.	statement	db
and that was why i picked up the medicine i dropped on the floor and popped it into my mouth without hesitation!!!	statement	db
i think they are easily a 3.5 star place but for one small issue i had when i was making my payment.	statement	db
Terrible when it is raining as there is no covered walkway from the main building.	statement	db
The soup is very rich and thick and porky, great for those who love pork.	statement	db
I ordered the Ajitama ramen (their specialty) to see what the fuss was about.	statement	db
They were also very attentive, but I suppose at an establishment where you pay top dollar, good service is to be expected.	statement	db
A chef did ask me what I do not eat, and i asked for kohada.	statement	db
The main chef is some Cantonese dude who didn't even smile at me when I sat.	statement	db
Well if you are a sashimi person who don't mind some vinegared rice, i guess you would go with sliced.	statement	db
Aoki is a restaurant where you will walk in, sit down, order your sushi or cooked dish and enjoy it regardless of expectations.	statement	db
Unlike most other highly expensive sushi places in the city which are beyond overhyped for what I felt was normal or worse, Aoki is that place that you will not feel any sort of buyer's remorse because this place hits exactly the spot for any Japanese food craving.	statement	db
From what I remember, we had toro, chutoro, amberjack, sardine, mackerel, mirugai, some other fish part that I couldn't understand, ikura, two types of uni, ebi, torched toro, and a toro with union roll.	statement	db
The chefs were very interactive and good at what they do.	statement	db
If you want a good omakase where you know you will be served the sushi (and other Japanese cooked foods) you expect in a quality manner, this is the perfect place for you.	statement	db
I've paid more for a meal than what I paid here but it had to be worth it.	statement	db
Tea was topped up frequently without any prompting, everything was set up so quietly and quickly that we did not even notice when new cutlery was set on our table while setting up for the next course.	statement	db
Note: A lot of the other reviews were glowing but mostly from lunch diners who did not encounter the minimum spend and lunch sets start at $33++.	statement	db
Every time when I'm craving for sushi, Aoki is the only choice.	statement	db
So when I brought the husband here as a belated birthday celebration, I wasn't expecting much.	statement	db
it was raining and the les amis group provides valet parking, so why not.	statement	db
so the culinary journey begins........  what looked like braised beef was actually tuna.	statement	db
only to realize the end is near when mr. negi toro maki landed on our plates and boy was it packed full of strong, sinus clearing japanese negi, delicious.	statement	db
not screamingly sweet but the icing sugar is there for those who need it.	statement	db
From what I've heard, the lunch sets are most value for money, and after being here, I do agree.	statement	db
That was why it was a huge draw for us.	statement	db
An obscure cloth door hangs over Aoki's entrance (along the Les Amis stretch) revealing a very tastefully decorated interior when you venture in.	statement	db
http://tinyurl.com/8byw3c2  After this, there was what I would consider a chawanmushi.	statement	db
And I pinched myself to be sure I wasn't dreaming when I saw the $23 per pint price tag.	statement	db
Sadly, this dish wasn't what we expected, even though there is supposedly cheese in the sauce.	statement	db
We were done with all our plates and when the waffles came, we still had half a table worth of dirty plates.	statement	db
Only after the second waffle came to our table, did another male staff who served us the waffles, clear the rest of the dirty dishes.	statement	db
The chinese local lady at the cashier who spoke mandarin was very friendly and polite.	statement	db
This would have been so easy to fix when asked, and would have won a life-long customer.	statement	db
Don't know why they have to make life so confusing.	statement	db
My colleague who had accidentally ran into this bistro a week ago bugged us to accompany her soon to sample the food.	statement	db
Personally, from what I see, those wings were overpriced.	statement	db
Usually when a restaurant is trying to offer everything it is a bad sign - on top of their brunch menu, they have a long list ranging from pasta to pizzas to risottos to appetizers and desserts (waffles, pancakes, gelatos).	statement	db
The seafood was very fresh, which is quite a rarity when eating out and reflects their attentiveness in sourcing ingredients.	statement	db
Chapter 55 is right in the heart of Tiong Bahru and, literally, just a short walk away from where I work.	statement	db
Then I saw it when I was at the coffee shop for Kim Keat Hokkien Mee, and realized it was not so far from home after all.	statement	db
Not sure where my dad bought it from and my memory was too fuzzy to remember where it was.	statement	db
They will be a good option to buy home when you are too lazy to cook for the family.	statement	db
So don't worry and just order what looks good, chances are, it'll taste good too!	statement	db
Though the cafe has ample seating and is rather quiet on weekdays, do note the lunch hours/afternoon hours where many from the nearby office buildings crowd the place-it might be a little too noisy then!	statement	db
We were greeted with an aloof cashier who didn't and couldn't be bothered to say anything beyond necessary, and her smile is golden for i didn't see it once.	statement	db
Half an hour is too long to wait when all that needs to be cooked is bacon and eggs.	statement	db
Cons: -long wait time for food -orders do not arrive at the same time -slow service -expensive for what you get (imho) -washroom light sensor inconsistent   Overall: 3/5  This was there first weekend open so I'm sure they had difficulties.	statement	db
They had already run out of some of the items on the menu when we arrived at noon.	statement	db
Though it taste good did not get why japanese.	statement	db
Boy had the pork belly and he said was confused as to what to do with it but it taste good.	statement	db
Now if you want liquids other than alcoholic it will be tough luck at the coffee shop where this place is.	statement	db
Somehow it was not very noisy when half filled and it was also not so quiet that you could hear a pin drop.	statement	db
I don't know why I keep coming back.	statement	db
it's surprisingly casual though - where you might dress for a date with the sushi chef at aoki or tatsuya, this place is sartorially yummy-mummy-brunchy.	statement	db
But the lady who runs the floor is really grumpy.	statement	db
I questioned them which led them to describe to me what a meatball looked like...	statement	db
I know what meatballs look like!	statement	db
Thanks to fellow Yelper friends who introduced me to this super chillax cafe in Katong a few months ago, have grown to really love this place.	statement	db
Iced Water - in SG when you often have to pay $0.50-0.60 for a glass of water, this cafe believes in doing things right.	statement	db
I'm a big big waffle fan so I have high standards when it comes to waffles.	statement	db
I know this place is probably better known for their chicken, butI come here about once a month when I'm craving some spicy Bawal Penyet.	statement	db
The sayur asem was also pretty good, a bit reminiscent of my childhood, where this sour vegetables soup was a common fixture during meal times.	statement	db
Since I cannot find the same dish where I live.. there are NO good and authentic Indonesian food in Toronto....	statement	db
Those who can't shouldn't even bother with the chilli as it's guaranteed to leave even the most battle-hardened chilli fans gasping for breath.	statement	db
They don't serve ice water here, so make sure you have your drink before you start digging in or you're going to have a really bad time when the chilli kicks in.	statement	db
Dinners are an absolute nightmare to have so it's always lunch here for me when I get bored of the standard chicken rice and am looking for something with a kick!	statement	db
The chilli is what keeps people coming back here, and if packs a powerful punch.	statement	db
Drinks are definitely a must have before you start tucking in, or you'll end up with a dinner table where no one can talk as everyone is too busy taking care of their burning tongues!	statement	db
People who love spicy stuff will love their SUPER SPICY CHILLI,  those who think the portion of the chilli is little, better think again before asking for more.	statement	db
This is a place where the food is considered affordable and worth it compared to the other food you can find around Orchard.	statement	db
There's no rushed feel of the kopitiams where you'll usually find Ayam Penyets.	statement	db
I find it the most ""authentic"" to Indonesia's that you can get in Singapore, so was very delighted when I found out about this place.	statement	db
Needed to buy something from Daiso and dunno where to go for food... We happened to park at Nando's level so in we went.	statement	db
Kid's Set Meal - I must commend their efforts to have a engaging children's menu where the little ones can exercise some choice over their set meal.	statement	db
But the waiter who was asking my order had to ask me 3 times whether it was 3 chicken wings that I wanted or not.	statement	db
I was given a Mild instead of what i ordered, lemon and herbs, then my friend was given Hot instead of Mild, and 1/4 portion seems became smaller but still the best peri peri in town!	statement	db
*shakes head*  What really amazed me was the shelf that held all the different sauces.	statement	db
Overall, it's a great casual spot for those who are looking for other Western style food besides the typical American or Italian.	statement	db
I have fond memories of Nando's when living in Canada as I would have the chicken over rice or chicken pita a few times a month.	statement	db
The server was not able to tell me much and when I asked which would she recommended, she suggested the Mediterranean rice.	statement	db
It was warm and crispy when it arrived at my table.	statement	db
I find it a bit pricey for what it is and when it's busy, the staff looks a bit flustered and dining in can take FOREVER... like seriously, ETERNITY.	statement	db
The pastry of the BBQ Pork pastry was buttery and flaky, and tasted heavenly when accompanied by the char siew filling that was both sweet and savory at the same time.	statement	db
It's one of the only places in Singapore where I am willing to wait for my food so may I say: SHIOK!!	statement	db
I was really unsure what to rate this place.	statement	db
Usually when I go to zion market, bak kut teh is on my mind.	statement	db
This shop is the other reason why I'd visit Adam Road Food Centre (apart from the Nasi Lemak, of course).	statement	db
Always miss this when I'm away.	statement	db
Best time to get around there to having your bowl of prawn noodles is around 8pm, where the broth has nicely matured with a rich taste of prawn.	statement	db
Granted, the standard does fluctuate a bit, but my advice is to go there in the late afternoon when the stock has had enough time to simmer and gain that intense prawn flavor.	statement	db
The crabs are usually proudly displayed at the stall window if and when available.	statement	db
It makes it easier to remove the prawns from the shells this way but I personally think it is a trick to make it seem like they gave you 4 prawns when in actual fact it is just 2 miserable prawns.	statement	db
Come in the afternoons when Mr Noo Cheng himself mans the store.	statement	db
Which is probably the goal because when a pair of girls came and sat beside us, they were already chittering away about the cheesecake.	statement	db
But from where I was sitting it looked pretty good.	statement	db
A red British postbox is placed outside the new branch for customers who are upset to pen down their feelings.	statement	db
The tea change to purplish colour when mixed with the juice.	statement	db
This less than a year old Cafe is founded by Shaun Gian who happened to serve us during our visit.	statement	db
Observing this young chap throughout our meal, I find that he is full of passion on what he is doing, his service was friendly and he really took extra efforts to take care of his customers well by communicating with them.	statement	db
As I'm someone who prefers to have medium-well done while the recommendation by Chef Shaun was medium rare, both of us ordered each type.	statement	db
Overall I feel that the standard of the food has dropped a bit when compared to my previous visit.	statement	db
I would come back for that when I feel better.	statement	db
if you want to know what teething problems are for a newly opened restaurant then you need look no further than the ramen play here.	statement	db
I have tried Santouka's ramen at Clark Quay (ok, not impressed), Ajisan's (I'll only go back if I'm starving and the other shops are closed) and Mentai Japanese Noodles at Robinson Road (I still think this place's ramen is the best in Singapore)...so when my family decided to have lunch at Ramen Play... let's just say I'm not very excited because I'm not exactly a ramen fan.	statement	db
Come to think about it, it sounds a bit twisted that we have to dip chicken meat into chicken egg yolk...... anyway, back to reviewing... this dish alone may be why I chose to gave this establishment 4 stars.. because this dish is not only unique, it's DELICIOUS.	statement	db
And when you put it in the raw egg 'sauce'... there is this fascinating texture to it.	statement	db
But if you were to ask me exactly what will make me go back to Ramen Play to eat..	statement	db
This is great for the ladies or those who feel full.	statement	db
They make due with what I imaging is a challenging supply chain for restaurants in this town.	statement	db
We are so regular that when the coffee shop attendant sees us walking towards them, my usual kopi poh siu dai and my hubby's kopi O kosong will be on the table shortly after we sat down.	statement	db
An old lady who is in-charge of setting the chopsticks, spoon and sauce will be the first once you've set down, always smiling.	statement	db
Very satisfying Penang Char Kway Teow that I always have when I come here, leaving me no space in my tummy to try anything else.	statement	db
I'll remember to stop by here next time to chill out when I'm nearby :-)	statement	db
The goreng pisang (fried banana fritter) is really good when fresh out of the fryer.	statement	db
The Penang pancake is a bit messy as it is open faced and the peanut filling will fall all over when you bite into it.	statement	db
So the standing table is really your best bet when it is crowded, or you can always have the food to go.	statement	db
All the food were prepared by the lady owner is a friendly Vietnamnese, who can speak in Chinese and English.	statement	db
Worth a try if you don't know what to eat at Ghim Moh.	statement	db
A friend recommended this place to me when I asked what was good in Ghim Moh market at night.	statement	db
The beef slices were not rare but cooked when I got my bowl.	statement	db
I go friggin' apoplectic when I see that $%&*.	statement	db
I was almost deferential when I ordered and respectful when I retrieved my tray of Bún Thit Nuong and Goi cuon,  I stopped short of bowing and backing away from the stall; a bit much and creepy.	statement	db
Indeed, why should you even take my word for it, that it's good.	statement	db
Discovered it on yelp on a Saturday afternoon not knowing what to eat.	statement	db
I love to have variety, but when your new to eating certain things, it becomes daunting .	statement	db
However, getting to this place from where I lived was a pain.	statement	db
Wheee...  Vietnamese food is often equated with pho, but that is so limiting when there is so much other delicious stuff that they have (read: anything that involves fish sauce, my super favourite!).	statement	db
interesting enough everyone raved about the oyster omelette at this restaurant but i just didn't get what they described.	statement	db
but i do want to praise the older lady servers who were attending to our table.	statement	db
Loved the tea at the start (I'm not sure what it was but it was divine - my grandma called it ""gongfu cha"") and the pu-er they refilled was good too.	statement	db
steamed fish (so-so, the soup I like to drink at the end was quite sour) mushroom abalone and veggies (good - imo cannot go wrong) fried noodles (so-so, not too salty, and there were fresh scallops) yam paste (I have never liked yam paste :P but  others said it was good) shou tao (nice filling, but too much skin) fruits were standard watermelon honeydew apple  I have no idea what the dishes were exactly though because I wasn't the one who ordered (grandma's birthday).	statement	db
Food : Steamed pomfret, hee peow (fish maw) soup and orh nee are de rigeur orders when in a Teochew restaurant and we are nothing if not ardent followers of foodie tradition.	statement	db
This is one of the better choices if you're spoilt for choice when it comes to hunting for some good Indonesian ayam penyet (smashed chicken rice) at Lucky Plaza.	statement	db
We were halfway through finishing our coffees (prob would have been done in 10minutes) and was approached by one of the staff who asked us if they could shift us to a smaller table.	statement	db
Super crispy with every bite, even when the ice cream has drenched through the waffle, the waffle still stays crispy!	statement	db
The decor is dark, garage industrial and the tables are spread around a center island where you place your order, get water, pick up condiments/extra silverware, and can drool over desserts like ""lychee rose water cake"".	statement	db
It taste alittle saltier as compared to what I had before.	statement	db
A much affordable option when you are craving for sushi around Orchard area.	statement	db
The seafood I was waiting for on the belt never came around even after 20 minutes and when I requested the specific item (salmon sashimi) it never came even after a 15 minute wait.	statement	db
This long conveyor belt were filled with salmon when i first arrived, the variety was improving around 10 mins later.	statement	db
Don't expect too much from this place ($1.50 for a plate what more can you ask for) but the quality is pretty good for such a low price.	statement	db
It is $1.50 per plate and you definitely get what you pay for.	statement	db
They also cater AND deliver with a wonderful number system that means they can understand exactly what you want.	statement	db
I had heard a bit about FIne Palate but had never had a chance to stop by until a few weeks ago when I came with a friend for a work photo shoot.	statement	db
There was no where we could shift to cos the indoor seating were all taken and the restaurant had no other form of shelter or sorts to shelter us and the food.	statement	db
Although, the Whampoa hawker has much more famous food stalls, this is a great hawker for those who value a shorter work and a relatively cleaner dining experience.	statement	db
From what I understand, since Lavender Food Square is closing, a few of their stalls might migrate here.	statement	db
Furthermore, the food quality is far from satisfying, especially when you have so many better options along Balestier road.	statement	db
Parking was alright as there were still empty spots when I arrived.	statement	db
(This is why 1/2 star is deducted).	statement	db
However, this is pretty standard for Mexican in Singapore, so take that for what it's worth.	statement	db
Tucked in one corner of Concorde Hotel, this place's customers are obviously those who know it and specially patronize it instead of just randomly passing by.	statement	db
Compared to the food courts in the US, this place was incredible in terms of variety and quality, so much so that you'll need 15 minutes just to walk around the area to see what you want to eat.	statement	db
While I cannot say it's the best Laksa in Singapore or the best prices ($S7 for a large bowl) this type of flavor and quality is nowhere to be found where I live in California.	statement	db
It's fun to watch other people walking aimlessly and unsure of what to eat or the workers or those seated and what they chose to eat.	statement	db
But for those who like the convenience in a very clean, spacious, and air-conned space, This place is hard to beat.	statement	db
But that's not why you came to Singapore, I hope.	statement	db
Thr biggest challenge you'll have is to pick what you want.	statement	db
Somehow when the food is no longer cooked by the original owners, the standard is not the same.	statement	db
So I got a rude shock when the bill was not what I thought it would be.	statement	db
All where really good, and the place was kept pretty clean.	statement	db
It is a pretty nice place to dine in, if not for the cleaners who are full of angst.	statement	db
For those who are not familiar with Tsukemen, these are cold noodles to be dipped in a rich broth.	statement	db
The restaurant itself is a calm oasis (although the staff all greets you Japanese style - this means: loud, when you walk in), it has for sure a Japanese feel to it: modern and serene.	statement	db
So anyone who has a recommendation for good Tsukemen in Singapore, let me know, as I continue to search for a good alternatives.	statement	db
overall highly recommended for those who love authentic yummy ramen.	statement	db
People don't stop when they're done with the noodles, they finish their broth - that's always a good sign.	statement	db
There were also people who came in for take-away so that's good too.	statement	db
There was a Q when we arrived but the turnaround is extremely quick so we only waited a few minutes to get a table.	statement	db
The broth was very flavorful and I love it when you get all the fresh basil and lime in there.	statement	db
We were served pretty fast and for the payment, it was less than what we expected it to be with no additional gst/tips.	statement	db
Will drop by here again when I am around this area :)	statement	db
Ordered the calamari dish for 13SGD and what was plated is best described as an onion dish.	statement	db
To be honest the food here isn't over-the-moon fantastic - but it's definitely the place to hit when a craving for Vietnamese food comes calling.	statement	db
As an American who was told that Singapore doesn't have very good Vietnamese food, the pho here put the best pho in Houston to shame!	statement	db
Easily the best pho in Singapore I have had yet, and at half the price than what I pay for pho at Viet Inn at Circular Rd.	statement	db
Best in Singapore when you take into consideration bang for your buck.	statement	db
Personally speaking, this place has a great balance of both and if you don't believe me just ask the Vietnamese girls who frequent there.	statement	db
Unfortunately Singapore has very poor offerings when it comes to finding quality Vietnamese food.	statement	db
Have attempted giving other items a go on numerous visits, though I've given up!, spend $90 on flights plus $20 for a night in Ho Chi Minh and you have your cravings satisfied while spending less than you would on a night out on the town in Singapore... that's what I've done anyway.	statement	db
Its not as good as what I had there, but close enough.	statement	db
This makes me think though that they're struggling to keep up with demand and may be watering down the soup (inexcusable, I agree) when it's busy.	statement	db
I try to go in the afternoon when I can on a weekday.	statement	db
We visited the AEIOU cafe on our last day of holiday in Singapore when I was still recovering from flu.	statement	db
This was the first holiday where I forced to purchase cold and flu tablets from the pharmacy (hahaha).	statement	db
The alphabets A, E, I, O, U were the very first vowel that we all learnt when we were little.	statement	db
Even for takeaway orders, the staff were a confused lot and what I would call 'cannot make it'.	statement	db
The noodle had a bite to it and when mixed with the sauce and chili was delicious.	statement	db
A good option when you do not want to go to Crystal Jade or Imperial Treasure.	statement	db
We decided to ignore all that and concentrate on what we were here for, their famous duck.	statement	db
The health conscious maybe not be a fat of the thick layer of fat under the skin but hey, that's what they're known for.	statement	db
Don't go with the kind of friend who eats meat and leaves the skin behind.	statement	db
The plus point for them for our night there is the lovely wait-staff who was assisting us (just that one nice auntie) and that the food came almost instantaneously.	statement	db
We ordered quite a bit of food and was really eager to try it and see what the buzz is about.	statement	db
For $150, our money would have been better spent else where for yummier food.	statement	db
In my opinion, what separates a so so prawn noodls from a fantastic one is: (i) the flavour, (ii) quality of the broth and (iii) the freshness of the prawn.	statement	db
I don't exactly know what goes in the broth, but it's not very watery.	statement	db
I found it bizarre that such after such a big bowl, anyone would want more, but when I was down to my last sip, I knew I was tempted to ask for more.	statement	db
I can enjoy my ice-cream in peace at the Ben & Jerry's branch down here, head to Culina and Jones The Grocer to buy freshly baked bread and look at what produce is in season.	statement	db
To me, it's even better when there are less crowds on weekdays.	statement	db
The place has been completely revamped from the old days, when it was old army barracks.	statement	db
Restaurants can be a bit pricey, but not what you wouldn't expect in other restaurants around the area.	statement	db
Darn it the waiters are pretty picky about where you sit (sort of a dictator's way) and the seatings are not exactly good, too bright some place with the spotlight on you.	statement	db
However, when I was dragged there by a friend for lunch one afternoon, they proved me wrong.	statement	db
I did not expect that when I took a queue number at the stall.	statement	db
I was tasked to buy a local food dish when I saw this rojak stall and decided to get some, not realizing that it is a very famous one with 5 makansutra chopsticks and loads of print media attention.	statement	db
Due to the overwhelming crowd, they have a number system where you take a queue number and wait for your number to appear to collect your plate of rojak.	statement	db
Visiting from my current abode in a land of dubious food preparation, fresh seafood was definitely high on my list when visiting Singapore.	statement	db
That's what I wanted, and that's what I got.	statement	db
They also called to remind us of our reservation and the last order time, and were very lovely about it when we apologised for running late.	statement	db
Wasabi here is grated fresh from the root and if you're lucky enough you just might get the end of the root to grate on your own when you request for more wasabi.	statement	db
Vanilla Cheese Tart ($2.60++) I was surprised when the filling flowed out like lava too when I cut it into halves.	statement	db
One staff did not know there was croissant on menu, while another did not know what flavours of the cheese tart.	statement	db
The place was packed and waiting time was about 45 minutes when I overheard a staff telling a customer as I was leaving the place.	statement	db
Antoinette to me is a place for pastries/tea, a place for great ambience and a place where girls can go and enjoy having a nice get together.	statement	db
I am someone who always look for quality and not quantity.	statement	db
Looking forward to my next visit when I travel to Singapore.	statement	db
Rum and raisin macaron/Fruit Cake/Orange Flower   In all, these Xmas flavors like fruit cake are not exactly what I prefer but is certainly a welcome innovation.	statement	db
My pinky dinger refused to bend, no matter what I did.	statement	db
(Haha) I'm not sure what the deal with the sac was, but it was extremely hard to pop.	statement	db
The waiter tried clearing my plate before I was finished and I had to stop him with my plate already mid way in the air cos he was so fast and didn't even ask if I was done, and when the bill came they had overcharged us by placing another item that we hadn't ordered on the bill.	statement	db
There is a lack of variation here, but why do many things when you're best at making octopus balls!	statement	db
Well, I'm really not sure where the 5 stars came from.	statement	db
Always  want to drop by this small store to get a set of takoyaki when visit orchard.	statement	db
I frequent Tuckshop often for its natural laid back atmosphere with their friendly wait staff who are usually prompt with their service!	statement	db
Surprisingly empty when we visited on a Sunday afternoon at 12.	statement	db
Our dog attracted lots more attention from both Locals and Expats as well as the staff who throughout were friendly and efficient without being too attentive.	statement	db
It does get crowded after 12pm when you get the office crowd as it is really good deal.	statement	db
I would say it reminds me of the food in the old Hotel Phoenix which is also where Hotel Jen is occupying now.	statement	db
And this is what makes Loo's such a delight.	statement	db
Unlike some of the other hainanese curry joints, who fry their pork chops to death, Loo's pork chops are really good!	statement	db
I dont like shopping malls much but when nessessity compels me to venture there it's nice to occasionally happen upon good food.	statement	db
Such was the case when I had to visit Plaza Singapura for a new SIM card the other day.	statement	db
Very pleasant, very charming, but after that, I'm just ready to loosen my tie, lose the jacket and roll up my sleeves, pick up some chopsticks and dig into food that will make me smile and love me for who I am, without pretense, without condition...comfort food.	statement	db
I ponder briefly why this dish makes me so happy and I am rewarded with a moment of sentimental clarity.	statement	db
You're likely wondering what I'm doing here after a duck confit.	statement	db
My family's to-go place when we don't know what else to eat.	statement	db
It used to be even more so when the servers were mostly senior aunties and uncles, but lately there are more young foreign servers who are not exactly fluent in English, so remember to speak slowly and get them to confirm your orders.	statement	db
So I guess it is worth visiting when the famous ones in town are always having a long line.	statement	db
It's right across the road when we got out of Mustafa and decided to try the restaurant on a whim.	statement	db
Service was decent and decor is subpar but that's not why you should go here.	statement	db
It seemed like the staff will upsize your beverage (coffee or tea) without being very clear about the additional cost when you placed your order.	statement	db
I only knew I had to pay extra for the drink when I was making payment.	statement	db
To her credit, she allowed me to get what I was entitled to and actually made a fresh cup of tea.	statement	db
the concept of the place is simple - open, casual cafes with more than decent local food, at prices that make it a damn good deal in town (at only slightly more than what hawker centres are charging these days) - and it's nostalgia-inducing too, which might be the best bit.	statement	db
Others: It was full when we arrived so if you've got a big crowd, i would recommend making a reservation!	statement	db
Our last visit was also when we learned that he isn't Italian- apparently, he's French!	statement	db
They are hiring a waiter staff (18-25 year old girl) who doesn't know customer service at all, well doesn't really speak English (possibly she is an English school student).	statement	db
Skirting the threshold where it's too expensive for a simple family outing.	statement	db
However, I found the truffle dishes far too creamy and rich and did could not stomach the entire plate when I ordered it as my main.	statement	db
the food is great - good ingredients, large portions, strong flavors - and the atmosphere of the place is as lovely as you'd want: there's a certain coziness that comes with the patronage of clearly-regular customers who banter with wait staff and rambunctious children that properly create that rather indescribable something that makes an italian establishment.	statement	db
The owner's a really nice guy, who greeted us and enquired if the food's okay.	statement	db
and customer numbers are so insane such that we had to resort to collecting 5 empty plates at a go just to 'stock-up' when the next wave of food hits the buffet corner.	statement	db
Chances are you won't find any when you go back for subsequent rounds.	statement	db
Came with a large bunch of friends who can really eat - it'll be fun!	statement	db
I like Korean BBQ as much as the next person, but when you add the word ""buffet"" after it, I go friggin NUTS!	statement	db
It is smart to make reservations here no matter what day it is.	statement	db
Meat eaters, you're going to be in paradise when you get to the buffet.	statement	db
As we paid our bill, we asked where they will be moving, since Novena Ville is closing.	statement	db
It works for people who just want to eat large volumes of meat...	statement	db
Ssikkek literally gives you the equivalent of what you could do at home for the same price.	statement	db
The raw materials  are certainly not cheaper than what you'd get at distributors - frozen meat from mmmm or QB food (there are cheap chicken franks too that even QB doesn't carry) with bottled marinade, a very basic grill with gas to power it, diluted Korean tea and utensils.	statement	db
If we were getting value from the cuts of meat offered (or grass fed beef for example) I'd be impressed but really, you're getting exactly what you pay for and perhaps a little less.	statement	db
Apparently the servers change your grill thingies often but ours didn't get swapped out until the end when we finally flagged down a waitress.	statement	db
The sheer number of people who come here means food moves fast.	statement	db
I kinda want it to be be a little less crowded when I go there next.	statement	db
it reminds me of those korean dramas where the leads sit down in a barbecue place and drown their sorrows in meat and beer, where food is meant to be both simple and comforting - and nothing overwhelmingly spectacular.	statement	db
I probably eat 3 times what i pay for whenever i'm there for lunch.	statement	db
And you do get what you pay for.	statement	db
Anyone who isn't a broke student shouldn't be eating in here.	statement	db
Our favorite east coast eatery introduced by a buddy who bailed for vietnam!	statement	db
I would take my friends here in the future when visiting Singapore again!	statement	db
The ambiance was very similar to a restaurant in Vietnam, where most of the seats are outside and the chairs are plastic (if I recall correctly), and the exterior seems a little dingy.	statement	db
1: Do not follow the crowd in Singapore when choosing a restaurant.	statement	db
We swear by their Indonesian chicken dish, a slightly tangy crispy chicken dish where the fried chicken is glazed with a light, spicy gravy and onions.	statement	db
Being chicken fans, we almost always have to have their hot plate chilli ginger chicken as well - a bowl of it dropped right on to the hot plate at your table so it's sizzling and all the more enjoyable when had with the fried rice.	statement	db
Their menu is expansive, and I wouldn't say that the food here is inexpensive, but given it's prime location and good quality, you pay for what you get.	statement	db
Lucky I have friends who are regulars.	statement	db
(then again, for people who doesn't quite like the taste of marmite, they like this dish as it is more subtle).	statement	db
Though I'd only comeback when they have a Groupon offer for its rather pricey.	statement	db
Perhaps you need you mediate your quality and know when to label as freshly made and specify a longer waiting time only to disappoint an eager stomach.	statement	db
I ordered a coke and when it came, it was really flat.	statement	db
I ordered the seafood linguini which took a bit to come out and when you're hungry, it seemed as forever!	statement	db
Evian water is what was on the menu.	statement	db
However, that is not what was brought to me when I ordered bottled water.	statement	db
The only reason I give it 3 stars is because it feels slightly pricey for what I'm getting.	statement	db
Best way is to park at United square, then walk towards where the taxi stand is (near toast box).	statement	db
A friend who lives in the area asked me if I had ever eaten at ""Daluca"", via email.	statement	db
Based on what I've seen on other diner's plates, the good people at Da Luca are very free with the quantity of food they provide.	statement	db
While I don't deny that it's definitely a source for decent, affordable French food, there have been many incidences where either the service or food fell short.	statement	db
Salt seems to be an issue when it comes to the food that were a let down and this was no accept ion.	statement	db
Our favorite restaurant to go in Ion, when we're craving decent French food without having to go all out!	statement	db
A haiku- didn't know what to  eat on Sunday afternoon for Fat Cow was closed  A well-known Singapore food blogger had proclaimed that this was one of the top 5 restaurants in Singapore this year - big shoes to fill considering that we're home to some of the worlds' best places like Andre and Iggy's.	statement	db
I really like what the F&B group behind Saveur Art has been trying to do- bring restaurant-level French food to the masses by making it affordable.	statement	db
I'm a fan of Chef Benny and what he does, since his first outlet at Eastpoint Mall.	statement	db
Try it once and see what you think - it's not a destination location in my opinion.	statement	db
Having never dined there when Dennis Kool was the chef, I cannot tell if there is any difference.	statement	db
Chef Kool develops his own recipes for desserts and work closely with his pasty chef to produce them, maintaining a broad range of choices for his loyal customers, many who eat there 2-3 times a week.	statement	db
Went in with high hopes :( I have been to the BBQ Tonight in Karachi, Pakistan and it was by far the best bbq food I have ever had at a restaurant so when I discovered they have a location here in Singapore I was overjoyed and went the day I landed here....and let me tell you...the words of wisdom given to us by our elders about being happier when you don't have any expectations couldn't be truer for this location.	statement	db
(I would bet the owner of this wonderful chain would be appalled if he knew what the food being served here tasted like!)	statement	db
It's convenient for everyone especially tourists who are looking for some late-night grub.	statement	db
Sometimes you want to pull an all-nighter studying for an exam or rushing a deadline and there just aren't enough 24/7 places in Singapore so TCC is a perfect choice for me when I decide to stay out.	statement	db
Ambience - 5 stars This is what I'd go for.	statement	db
there's no close (great) eateries in the northern part of Botanic Gardens, where D and I frequent with our little boy.	statement	db
The bread was utterly disappointing, a thin slice for sharing when we thought it came with the soup.	statement	db
I just try not to breathe when she has that one.	statement	db
Also when I'd asked about all day breakfast, the waiter rather condescendingly said, ""But you're too late.	statement	db
I don't know why more burger places don't do onion rings.	statement	db
Main was the Japanese wagyu and US prime (don't think it's USDA certified as the waiter doesn't even know what I was saying.)	statement	db
On weekend is always pack with people who bring their parents and family here to enjoy some dim sam, so make sure you call a day or so to make your reservation.	statement	db
Today I got seated right beside the tank where the restaurant keep their live seafood, I end up feel like 1 am one of the exhibit in the aquarium as lots kids will come with their parents to look at those fish or lobster.	statement	db
The restaurant probably has to work on that or get someone who is less forgetful to be the hostess.	statement	db
We were seated in a room and presented the menu however when we ordered they told us there was $500 charge for using the room.	statement	db
Little Big Foot $6++ When this was served, my American friends went, ""Wow"".	statement	db
Crispy Roasted Pork Belly $15++ *highly recommended* My friends who never tried this before were crazy over this dish.	statement	db
It was only when I told them it was $15++ that they realized, they had to savour this dish slowly.	statement	db
Our waitress each time recommended something far more pricier or completely different from what we were asking for.	statement	db
It's kind of difficult to review individual dishes when you're busy stuffing your faces.	statement	db
They key is you can select your dishes as you wait  Let's see what did we have:  - Century Egg Porridge - Fried Oyster - Fried Snow Crab - Lobster Bee Hoon - Char Shew Bao - Salted Egg Yolk Bun - White Fried Carrot Cake  - Glutenous Rice  It was all amazingness.	statement	db
(I'm sure there are more obvious differences in cuisine when not having dim sum).	statement	db
You can always make a reservation, but you will still need to wait when you are there.	statement	db
Still when you do finally make it in, service is pretty prompt, and you can order off the various carts that get wheeled around, or off the menu.	statement	db
So I asked and this is what they explained to me.	statement	db
Yes, it's a little hard to find, but when you get there, it's like a little oasis.	statement	db
There are those who love it and then those who says a true pizza liver would never ... the Hawaiian, like it or hate it, I'm reviewing it cause that's what we ordered.	statement	db
Burratina is kind of like a ball of cheese where the middle is ricotta and the outside layer is intact mozzarella.	statement	db
Though the manager may get a little flustered trying to arrange tables while ensuring diners are still well served, he's a real sweetheart who make sure all customers are happy.	statement	db
They do takeaway as well and as I'm local that's where I'll be getting my pizza from.	statement	db
I like more ham on mine while my girlfriend likes more rocket on hers so we were both pleasantly surprised when the pizza arrived with lots of both.	statement	db
We also had an Aglio E Olio, which was less impressive, and a Risotto al Funghi, which is one of the better risottos I've ever had :)  But I gotta say, what absolutely sealed the deal for my family was the desserts we had!	statement	db
I am especially critical about gnocchi because 1) I hate store bought gnocchi because they are always tough and too chewy 2) home made gnocchi has a wide spectrum of variation, and I do prefer gnocchi when they are slightly on the pillowy, melt in your mouth type.	statement	db
the only thing I haven't mentioned is you will leave smelling of garlic and cooking - we barely smelled anything in the restaurant, but the 'aroma' on our clothes was immediately noticeable when we left.	statement	db
The Handburger practices the healthy living where by the handcrafted burgers includes grilled 100% grass-fed prime beef patties and portobello mushroom sandwiched in wholewheat brioche buns.	statement	db
As a burger- afficianardo and a burger blogger who searches the world for the best between buns, this could rate as my worst ever.	statement	db
Nothing over the top but another cool hamburger joint to eat in when you crave a big fat burger.	statement	db
The Handburger is a fancy designer burger joint - the burgers here are the sort where you have to eat with a fork and knife because there is no way in hell you're stuffing those thick patties in your mouth.	statement	db
It is one of the best place where you find fresh and juicy burgers.	statement	db
Reasonably priced burger and fries for when you're really feeling the urge.	statement	db
Everything is so fresh, so tasty and although I can't remember what the names of the dishes are...	statement	db
People who know me would know that I don't give five stars very easily.	statement	db
It is just so hard to find good salmon belly sashimi, and it is ironic that I find the best salmon belly sashimi not in california, not in japan (at least where I've been) but here in Singapore.	statement	db
And usually when I do, I am not impressed by the quality.	statement	db
You could hear the crunch when you bit into the tasty vegetables.	statement	db
Quite simply, the modus here is: you sit, they tell you what to order, you eat, you leave.	statement	db
They actually bother to tell you what's good and what they have,  but given the way the battle-axe of a waitress lays it on you, you feel like you have little choice but to listen to her.	statement	db
All the other reviewers have already told you what to have, but here's the play by play recap:  Fish Thai-style.	statement	db
No frills and good taste is what Por Kee is about.	statement	db
I personally quite enjoy the outdoor ambience, especially on cooler nights where you can see the outline of the Tiong Bahru skyline consisting of all the pre-war housing estate.	statement	db
We went with some friends that live in Singapore and eat here on a somewhat regular basis so service was pretty good compared to what I've read elsewhere.	statement	db
I'm probably one of the few people who frequents Tiong Bahru area but have never been to this ever-popular eating house until fairly recently.	statement	db
If you don't know what to order, try their house recommendations, you can't go too wrong...The must try this is the champagne pork ribs.	statement	db
You can get the individual portions which is 1 long rib per person, or the group version, where the ribs are chopped off to smaller pieces.	statement	db
My kinda plc when I wanna have chinese food for dinner.	statement	db
the tofu was my favourite - it was so soft and silky in the centre, almost spilling out when you cut through the fried exterior.	statement	db
if you find eating next to the carpark (with parking cars and the sometimes whiff of exhaust) uninteresting - make sure you let them know when you call.	statement	db
But I preferred more of what my boyfriend ordered which was spaghetti carbonara: with truffle butter, egg confit and bacon crumble.	statement	db
I suppose it's what you might expect of the dish, and it was too rich and heavy for me.	statement	db
My favourite, however, is the outstanding tempura live station where the batter is as good as it gets.	statement	db
the roast and indian are highlights done rather well at a buffet where I would have expected less given the quantity.	statement	db
Nothing exciting, except for their buns ... which why would anyone come to an expensive restaurant for buns.	statement	db
2nd crab I got in SG and it's the white pepper crab, I normally like black pepper better but the ads in this place said it's famous for white pepper crab, so that's what i go with this time.	statement	db
No Signboard isn't like your average food centers where a plate of food costs you $3-5.	statement	db
The food was great but the price seemed a bit too much for what was offered.	statement	db
This is the same tactic where in Viet cuisine, when you ask for meat balls in your noodle soup, they just give you one meat ball and cut it into four pieces.	statement	db
Chilli crab can get quite messy so bear this in mind when deciding what to wear there as well!	statement	db
Referring to the Chili Crab - the reason why I came here.	statement	db
I specifically asked for SPICY chili crab and what I got was a tasteless dish with hardly any flavor or character to it.	statement	db
Later, I spoke to a local who told me it was probably because many Singaporeans assume white folks don't like spice.	statement	db
This is what real street food eating really is: no decor but just eating it out with no care, all reckless abandon; you're not worrying over your clothes or ppl staring lol.	statement	db
We were just walking around the Red Light District when we came across No Signboard, and we were very excited because we had read quite a bit about how great the seafood is!	statement	db
Service:  Slow when it comes to getting the check, and it was difficult to understand some of the waitresses (their English, at least).	statement	db
We asked to be seated elsewhere, but they told us there were no other tables available (even when people left they wouldn't move us).	statement	db
And there were some creepy men and prostitutes who kept eyeing us when they walked by.	statement	db
Food:  We didn't order chili crab because we just had it the other day, but it looked quite delicious when the table next to us got it!	statement	db
When it was good, the food was delicious, but when it's bad, it's so bad you have to spit it out.	statement	db
I had a great first time experience here, due to a variety of factors:  1) It had just rained earlier in the day, and when we arrived (late afternoon) the weather was PERFECT for al fresco dining.	statement	db
), but they did have small IKEA laundry baskets at each table where you can keep your purse and any outerwear that you don't want to stain.	statement	db
Wow, what an experience...  My only other chilli crab experience has been at Long Beach at Dempsey and this was SO.	statement	db
I was so gutted on our first experience when our crab was deconstructed by the waiter at the table (I had visions of bibs and crabby faces... granted, our Singaporean host thought we would prefer it the clean way).	statement	db
Instead like cat or some other myaterious animal... not like beef either... Not sure what they served us in place of venison there...  Scallops were great, and a beef noodle dish was good as well.	statement	db
Another one of my 'must go' places when I'm in Singapore.	statement	db
A trip to the bathroom will have you carefully stepping over the piping and puddles leading into the live seafood tanks, where they have everything from seabss, crabs, lobsters, frogs, prawns and many more.	statement	db
One of the places I'll frequent when I'm craving one of the two.	statement	db
Would recommend this place particularly to anyone who wants to give overseas guest a uniquely Singaporean seafood experience.	statement	db
I've been recommended places like Stuttgart Blackforest Boutique S-Café but have found most blackforest cakes filled with way too much whipped cream (worse still when it's cheap greasy whipped cream).	statement	db
Presentation was excellent but the flavor hits and misses make it a bit of lottery dining here, depending on what you order.	statement	db
Unfortunately our table was served by a generally absent waiter who saw it fit to educate us on the different types of coffee (eg what is a latte!)	statement	db
All in,  I was reminded why this is not a go to place for me.	statement	db
They have taken one of the above mentioned private dining rooms and turned it into a kids ""camp"" staffed with at least three ""Counselors"" who do a great job interacting with toddlers to teens.	statement	db
Because of their show kitchen concept this isn't a buffet where the food questionably comes out in chafing dishes prepared in the back; this is food being prepared right in front of you and then often being refreshed into the serving dishes as you are taking.	statement	db
You can be certain that the team at Mezza9 takes their desserts seriously when you discover an exquisite menu devoted wholeheartedly to desserts.	statement	db
However, the service was very inattentive, nothing close to the reception one should receive when paying these kinds of prices for food in Singapore.	statement	db
been here many times and without fail, im always greeted with a smile when i walk in.	statement	db
3. boston lobster eefuu noodle / crispy noodle my fav dish when im here but seems to be better last time.	statement	db
easter egg for y'all who is reading this review.	statement	db
Normally, the gauge of a good restaurant is how dedicated they are to the number of items on their menu - the fewer, the more concentrated their efforts are to perfecting them - but prepare to spend a good 10 minutes deciding on what you want - they cover all the meats - steak, whole chickens, all kinds of fish, pork, seafood, on the grill, raw, stewed, steamed, fried, blanched, in all forms, shapes, sizes, Asian, Western, or an amalgamation of all the above!	statement	db
I've been visiting Mezza9 at the Grand Hyatt for a few years already but just recently I though again what good concept they have and how a good kitchen and quality management can make all the difference.	statement	db
All in all the food was decent but I think Monniker is a bit more style than substance, if you get what I mean.	statement	db
The staff there are generally curt but there is a nice uncle who was constantly looking out for us with a young infant.	statement	db
seriously cheap and good (even the fiance, who doesn't usually like chawanmushi, shared this!)	statement	db
Not only are they giving me that familiar feel, I also find it is easier to eat out of when sitting in your sofa haha.	statement	db
Add in the fact that they typically throw in chocolate chip cookies as a freebie and it's easy to understand why they are one of my favorite takeout places even in times when there is a wide variety of options for food delivery.	statement	db
*for those who have no clue what I am talking about, these containers are apparently called Oyster Pail.	statement	db
Google and you'll see what I mean.	statement	db
Not sure what a reservation means, thought it meant reserved to me.	statement	db
Taxis are sporadic and where you get them is not too clear, you just have to wait till someone is dropped off it seems.	statement	db
And that's what makes it interesting.	statement	db
Overall I would recommend paying a visit particularly if you what a change of typical Chinese food.	statement	db
The food is quite yummy for what  it is, which is a sort of Asian fusion by way of those Western Chinese takeaways that every student becomes intimately acquainted with and takes full advantage of but never actually can taste again once they leave campus.	statement	db
Whilst purists may scream bloody murder but Chop Suey is not trying to be ""authentic"" it's trying to class up those dishes we've come to know and love living overseas and who can really argue with such a pretty and well judged attempt at doing so.	statement	db
Thats why i always come back here as i miss their food frm time to time.	statement	db
The Paper ShaoShing Chicken was good too, healthy, if that's what you're into.	statement	db
Owned by the famed PS cafe, ChoPSuey caters toward the upscale foodie who loves westernized-Chinese food.	statement	db
The price makes it hard to give five stars, but if you're the sort that's price insensitive when it comes to food (cough cough join the club) then this place will easily win your heart.	statement	db
The ingredients are really really REALLY fresh and I can't fault them for putting the prices they do, you do get what you pay for.	statement	db
The porkbone soup is milky and flavourful, the mala is not oily like what u might find elsewhere!	statement	db
A great option when you have a steamboat craving!	statement	db
Ambience wise, pretty chill and quite cosy especially on a weekday night when it's not too crowded.	statement	db
I met my good friends who were really kind to notify the staff it was a celebration of my birthday (Thanks lovelies!).	statement	db
When asked whether the oysters were briney or sweet, she had no idea what I was talking about.	statement	db
Once you reach the complex just ask the guard where Skyve is or look for the signs (they're here and there.)	statement	db
Considering I've enjoyed brunch twice, I'd love to return sometime for dinner to see what it entails.	statement	db
Now what i like better than the beef and fish was the Lamb Rack ($40), a lovely grilled marinated lamb rack served with a light curry spiced roasted pumpkin (da luuurve).	statement	db
The sauce is a little sweet and sour a la Korean style when eaten on its own.	statement	db
However, when accompanied with the mango and mint chutney, the dish took on a Mediterranean taste.	statement	db
The water path is kept at a constant temperature, normally lower than what is required for cooking.	statement	db
As for the main dining area, that is where the proper chairs and tables are, for more formal occasions.	statement	db
I nearly when 'wow' as I ate this.	statement	db
Customers who ordered this dish would need to thoroughly mix the beef tartare with the truffle egg yolk and cilantro dust.	statement	db
For those who do not like raw beef, you may still like this as it had a mixture of flavours; distinct truffle aroma along with a little spiciness and saltiness in one mouthful.	statement	db
the sort you have as kids and then realise when eating it as adults that it's a bare fascimile of what yogurt could and should be, and is more pudding-like than anything.	statement	db
In the evening, why not sit outside and enjoy the breeze instead of the normal air-conditioned dining restaurant.	statement	db
A little pricey for their food, but its a place where you can consider going during special occasions or sort.	statement	db
I am usually cautiously optimistic when it comes to new restaurants.	statement	db
Given it's random location, getting to the restaurant can be challenging if you don't know where you need to go (it felt like we were parking in some old industrial estate then wondering lost through an HDB estate), but once you get through to it, the restaurant glistens like a glass jewel box in the lush forest.	statement	db
I really liked how comfortable it felt to sit in the lounge area with its banquettes and cool rocking chairs (nice touch)   We ordered 1 appetizer, 2 mains & 2 desserts, most of which were delicious (don't order the Grilled whole lobster, way too expensive for what we got!	statement	db
Tucked away at the old Monk's Hill secondary school, Skyve is the perfectly place for what else, skiving on the job!	statement	db
The only drawback is the al fresco seating, as there's no shelter and when it rained, as it did on our last visit, things got really wet very fast.	statement	db
A little slow but why rush when you can take your time to savor the meal.	statement	db
This place does the basic items well and while there isn't anything very OUTSTANDING, the quality of everything is general is very good, which is why I give it 4 stars.	statement	db
We ventured bravely into the restaurant, without stopping to ask the lady at reception where our friends were, and promptly got lost in the maze of rooms in this huge complex.	statement	db
I'm certainly not the only one who feels this way about this outlet (or some of their other ones for that matter), going by how difficult it is to get a table from 11.30am-2pm on weekends if you don't reserve in advance.	statement	db
It's like they make these familiar home style dishes to subtly say ""now THIS is what a chef can do with your humble kailan"".	statement	db
Peking duck is highly recommended, and when rolled with thin popiah skin, cucumber slivers and sweet sauce... woah.	statement	db
I am a strong supporter of bicycles as a mean of transport, and I sometimes miss those Sundays back home when they close some main avenues so we can cycle just for recreation.	statement	db
Wheeler's has a large serving mayo for those who like to splatter their fish with!	statement	db
My first thought when I walked in was that it is awesome and very Melbourne...	statement	db
So we sent it back and the next one was really good and fresh, which is why I think this place still has potential and  just needs to ask how you want your burger done.	statement	db
The place is fun to visit and I suspect that's what you pay for.	statement	db
It felt like a place where one could relax and chat with friends for hours.	statement	db
That was when I knew this was going to be an experience to remember.	statement	db
I normally decide to cool down in your air conditioned cafe, where I enjoy listening to your awesome pop playlist.	statement	db
It's something that I don't mind when I prefer to just concentrate on my laptop and my readings.	statement	db
Inside this proverbial barn is a restaurant, bike shop, a pop-up bar/cider stand, and what I swear is a stage concert.	statement	db
But, why not, I'll say it again, the Best Calamari dish in Singapore.	statement	db
In what feels like the middle of nowhere, Wheeler's Yard doesn't look like much from the street.	statement	db
Behind the glass doors, you might be lucky to score a seat on the big communal table where you can read magazines and relax in AC comfort.	statement	db
Outside there's more seating and also the view of the bicycle workshop where you can buy a funky bike or bring yours to be serviced.	statement	db
It's great to see that the entrepreneurial F&B world is alive and kicking here in Singapore and if Wheeler's Yard is a sign of more fun things to come, then it's safe to say that Singaporeans have a lot to look forward to when it comes to innovative venues.	statement	db
This is when the fun ends.	statement	db
On my second collection trip I asked a staff member why there are 5 non serving ""servers"" watching customers make multiple trips.	statement	db
All 4 were taken when we arrived.	statement	db
The hype over the locality of this place, an industrial space functioning both as a bike atelier and a cafe at the same time, Wheeler's Yard is a place where you can get unique bicycles while also having western food items and drinks!	statement	db
So there's food and coffee here but that's not what I'm talking about (if you must know, its ok).	statement	db
I'm not sure why I didn't wander into this restaurant sooner since it's so close.	statement	db
I can see why this place is popular with the selection of foods.	statement	db
I live down the street from here, so I cant believe this place has been open for over a month and i didn't notice... Until yesterday, when i happened to walk down this way after coming back from town.	statement	db
I had their roasted chicken sandwich, which was more like a baguette since that's what they used instead of soft bread.	statement	db
The baguette is actually what makes it delicious, it's laced with different types of nuts and seeds which gives it that nice crunchy texture and savory flavor.	statement	db
So it came out a little light instead of bright yellow where it should be.	statement	db
The staff are all quite young, perhaps that's why they're all bustling very busily to little effect.	statement	db
The Kumara & Bleu Tart $6.00/pc, champ the fleet in my whole selection when its rivals failed to compete well.	statement	db
The battle field continues to be less interesting when the limping Roast Chicken Sandwich $11.50, hit the ground.	statement	db
In my opinion based on visiting Parisian bakeries & eating thru many of NYC's best croissants, I'd have to say that ABC's croissant is better than Maison K & Tiong Bahru B. ABC's croissant is crisp on the outside and has a sound when you tap the exterior, while the inside has visible layers with a soft interior.	statement	db
The ambience, decor and gorgeous display of baked goods and pastries was what attracted me to ABC @ Somerset when I first stumbled across it.	statement	db
Had it once when it's less busy vs busy.	statement	db
I have to admit we didn't really know what we were eating.	statement	db
This place is getting more and more crowded....   You are actually spoilt for choice when wanting a cuppa coffee in Tiong Bahru.	statement	db
But still a nice place to just people watch (right at the cross road where Tiong Bahru market is) or just read a book (not as busy as Tiong Bahru bakery right across the road, and definitely not as noisy...).	statement	db
I don't know how it holds its texture but when dipped in the salad dressing, so yummy!	statement	db
Oh and that char siew that's already on your table when you're seated... it's just sublime.	statement	db
That boneless white tender chicken served on a bed of broth boiled rice took my mother AGES to make from scratch in the UK and was an absolute treat... however, when in Singapore HCR is available on every corner you turn around.	statement	db
The chicken never fails, especially when you top it off with ginger, sweet soy and chilli.	statement	db
A couple who came after us was served before us.	statement	db
Weary from a 9 hour flight with layover from Tokyo, I was eager to finally get some grub into my system, so my coworkers who so graciously picked me up from the airport, drove me to Book Tong Kee.	statement	db
No review is truly fair unless proper shout-outs are made to other Yelpers who have contributed to the success of a ""foodie"" experience.	statement	db
Although Boon Tong Kee (especially this branch) has been on my bucket list for some time, I never got around to trying it...and when the Yelp King of Singapore found out about it as I was preparing to make my exit out of this little amazing RED dot, he just made it happen.	statement	db
So thank you Sir Nik T. for this wonderful experience and introducing me to what is now my second favorite chicken rice spot in Singapore.	statement	db
We  obviously used the wet naps as it was the only thing on the table to wipe our hands and when the bill came....	statement	db
But i feel that the standard has dropped since they decided to expand their branches, and the few that still has standard are their River Valley and Balestier road branches  Side dishes to order when eating there are their bean sprouts and oyster vegetables.	statement	db
The chicken rice was quickly served, but the first error was spotted when a dirty fork was given to me, I cringe at the very thought... disgusting.	statement	db
This is the famous one that my mother used to say 'CHOW XIN CHI always come here eat when he comes to Singapore!'	statement	db
Over the years it has attracted many tourists and locals alike to try what was hailed as the best chicken rice in Singapore.	statement	db
I have never understood how or why people eat cereal or fruit for breakfast.	statement	db
Seriously, when everyone around you sits down at 9:30am to eat pho, you'll get what I mean.	statement	db
The Nam Nam Noodle Bar was founded by Director and Owner Chef Nam who was born in Vietnam.	statement	db
Their pho is good and so is this pork salad that comes with it when you order their lunch special.	statement	db
The kitchen staff wear I heart pho t-shirts with the singapore flag in the heart, they have signs showing how to get a table & order (pretty straight forward but it was quiet when I went, judging by previous reviews this isn't normally the case), and they even have little ceramic-y prison style cups to keep the ordering sheets and pencils in, even if the food was only so-so I'd go back just for the look of the place!	statement	db
I also had a (small) bottle of water, and came to $7.50, which for what I've experienced in Singapore (outside of Chinatown) is pretty good   You should check it out!	statement	db
That's what happens to a decent chain having done well and expanded greedily ..... my last visit was a year ago and I was startled to witness how badly the food quality had deteriorated.	statement	db
Really do not know what had happened this evening.	statement	db
I prefer the Canadian style where you are served a plate of sprouts, basil, lime and cut green chilies and you can customize it to your liking.	statement	db
Located in the basement of Wheelock Place, right where the Paterson Link begins, it's understandable why Nam Nam gets a lot of foot traffic.	statement	db
Also, they didn't serve what we felt are the traditional garnishes: bean sprouts, basil, and lime.	statement	db
We frequent the branch at Plaza Singapura when shopping there but have been to other branches too.	statement	db
Oh, and I also didn't like the fact that they automatically added chili slices to the soup (I'm not a chili fan and had to pull out each individual slice myself); I much prefer Vietnamese restaurants where you can customize your own intake of herbs.	statement	db
Nevertheless it's still my go-to place when I want a comforting bowl of pho.	statement	db
Considering (from what I've been told) that this chain is a sub-group of Annam, the Vietnamese restaurant by the Les Amis group, I was surprised it only cost me $5.90.	statement	db
Accompanied by an ice water, it was a quick, fast, and affordable meal that was precisely what I needed!	statement	db
The banh mi, what Nam Nam is probably most known for, is great.	statement	db
Agree with Ray L.  Overall dining experience for what it is is quite good and efficient, but fundamentally the dishes have a lot of sauces that take away from the natural born flavor.	statement	db
Almost boring :-s Not what I was expecting!	statement	db
However, when compared to the top restaurants...	statement	db
We didn't exactly stick to the set menu because one of the people I was with has a daughter who works at the restaurant and was frankly showing off all the signature items (and I am soooo happy that she did).	statement	db
The worst was when, toward the end of our meal, they seated two girls who were wearing denim shorts and flip flops.	statement	db
One of them was wearing what looked like a yoga top.	statement	db
I believe in being comfortable when eating a large amount of food, but this was a bit ridiculous.	statement	db
Service was great, they explained each item since I didn't remember what any of the courses were.	statement	db
the food is decently - and might I say, perhaps technically - perfect, but there was nothing particularly surprisingly or wow-ing; service is efficient if a little intrusive, since they belong to that class where waiters are aloof and almost slightly standoff-ish (how they manouevre around my photo-shooting also tells me a little of their skill); and the restaurant is lovely, if a little too cold (feel rather than absolute temperature).	statement	db
this is a tempered review if nothing else - I would certainly return, though most likely only if I weren't paying - because I like my food (especially when expensive) to be spectacularly good, or at least interesting.	statement	db
This is the quintessential posh and good French restaurant where you have a pay a pretty penny and get amazing food, service and ambience.	statement	db
The first set that was there when I got there wasn't very well cooked.	statement	db
These days, with all the newer, hotter places popping up all over the islands, we don't really think of coming here anymore when we visit family and friends in Singapore.	statement	db
Granted that it does not have the greatest selection or the more delicate desserts one would see at Edge nor does it have the more elaborate local fares one can get at Straits Kitchen, the quality of everything I tried was solid and the service was good when we were there.	statement	db
Plain water keep being replenish, Napkin that you left on your seats when you are away will be folded neatly on the table so you won't sit on it when you are back.	statement	db
Service crews are all smile  when serving and on and off asking about your satisfaction of The Line.	statement	db
No reason for you not to finish them when you already took them.	statement	db
More relaxing and quiet which is totally different atmosphere as compared to when you are inside the restaurant.	statement	db
I also wished considerations be given to Shangri La guests who didn't know to make reservations for dinner on a Thursday evening.	statement	db
It's been difficult to catch a server to get drinks and I've had multiple occasions where my table has been cleared when I went to go grab fruit after finishing my main course.	statement	db
The cornflakes play an important role that result in ultimate crisp and crunchy exterior (even when cold) while a juicy and tender chicken fillet smitten u in the middle with a dollop of light mayo, with pickles and lettuce for a healthier feel.	statement	db
Although I find the new creation attractive, the restaurant can lure me further when fewer waving is required on my next visit.	statement	db
I came here to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday and as a result you actually get a discount when you dine here.	statement	db
I like their sashimi - it's pretty fresh - but unfortunately they don't have a huge variety of sashimi, from what I remember it was only Salmon and Tuna.	statement	db
It's quite pricey but it is singapore so what do u expect.	statement	db
The quality of service has declined considerably --- I didn't feel like I was in a hotel and felt like I was in a cheap restaurant with servers who could not speak english.	statement	db
Not quite in the class of some hawkers' best, but I was well satisfied with what I had.	statement	db
Certainly not cheap, but eating here reminded me WHY food can cost this much in the first place - you're paying for a meal that you enjoy in the simplest and fullest understanding of the word.	statement	db
However, the burnt sections of the steak where they grill it tastes very good for some reason, it's like they grilled it on cedar wood or some sort of wood that makes it have that smokey taste.	statement	db
This place has a novel concept where deli and restaurant merge as one.	statement	db
For a place that serves wine, it is intolerable to not have someone who can provide sound advice on wine on their standard list and the wine in their deli section.	statement	db
It is also intolerable to not have someone who understands customer relationship management and to make the executive decisions in this space when a customer is complaining about a legitimate issue.	statement	db
I won't pretend to assume I am an expert but in my 20 years, I know when wine is heat damaged or not.	statement	db
Most of the staff working here are very polite and will help you look for what you need without any fuss.	statement	db
Fantastic products from all around the world, a great selection of beef, mainly from Australia and New Zealand, they also sell dry aged beef, which I can't think of anyone else in Singapore who is selling this incredible product, worth every cent!!	statement	db
What makes this review odd to me is that I had two completely different dining experiences in the same dinner...I started out with a very high enjoyment of the restaurant followed by what I thought was totally abysmal.	statement	db
The setting is beautiful in what is a pretty ugly and boring Tanglin Mall.	statement	db
My waiter was named Raju who was a total rockstar, very cool, prompt and attentive throughout.	statement	db
However, that's about when my friend joined in and everything turned bad.	statement	db
The restaurant seated a few more tables and Raju began serving the others while we were with one of the other waiters who wasn't as attentive.	statement	db
I want to commend Indian restaurants that try and push the boundaries for what is usually a typical and predictable kind of experience but to say that some dishes were just awful is a totally new thing for me.	statement	db
Loved the raita, that's a scoop of heaven right there is what that is!	statement	db
Oh, and we did end up ordering the dal too which was on par with what we've tried in other Indian restaurants.	statement	db
Not sure why it's so expensive here.	statement	db
The dishes available when I was there (what I can remember): It serves 3 kinds of rice - briyani (chicken and vegetarian) and plain white rice.	statement	db
Even when we asked for the bill it didn't occur to server to ask if we wanted coffee .	statement	db
In the end I asked to see the Manager ... Who looked like she just left school !!	statement	db
Tucked away innocuously in the predominantly ex-pat Tanglin mall, Patara's charms may not be evident to those who think that the best food is found only in the high rent downtown district.	statement	db
Lawry's The Prime Rib, what more can be said about it.	statement	db
It was hard to cut through and chew and while you could tell it was cooked well, the knife somehow wouldn't slice through smoothly as you'd expect when eating scallops.	statement	db
The mango had cancelled out all forms of acidity from the strawberry and what you were left with was a salsa that was neither vibrant or complimented the seafood above it very well.	statement	db
While it's still delicious and tender, the meat wasn't as melt in your mouth tender as it was when I first tried it a few years ago.	statement	db
The Food: A wonderful little show by the staff who spin your salad in a giant bowl, almost in front of you, was entertaining.	statement	db
No matter where in the world you are.	statement	db
Almost fell off my chair as soon as we were seated, when I saw how they dressed their waitresses in chambermaid uniforms.	statement	db
There were a few birthday celebrations when we were there.	statement	db
For Singaporean appetites, English Cut is adequate unless you're a carnivore who craves more meat.	statement	db
The ""performance"" of food preparation and faux ""english dining room"" decor is the novelty here, where the waitresses are dressed in tacky uniforms, they spin and toss your salad in a large metal bowl, and a guy dressed as a ""chef"" with a fake medal hung around his neck rolls the prime rib out to your table and carves your serving of meat infront of you.	statement	db
I pretty much always order the same thing when I get to Lawry's: a California cut, with creamed spinach on the side.	statement	db
I'm not sure if these are only for ""members"" (or people who signed up for the mailing list) of Lawry's, but if they find out that it's your birthday you get a free trifle with candles and the staff sing you a birthday song.	statement	db
You will find many places in Singapore and all around the world professing to do the 'best steak ever' (hello Hawksmoor), but I have found no where to be as reliable as this in serving up a quality cut.	statement	db
The boyfriend and I have been walking past it when it was in Paragon going ""One fine day, we shall come here and eat.""	statement	db
I really do like visiting Shabestan when I'm in the mood for some good Persian food.	statement	db
It's never too hard to get a table here, and we've had luck every time even when we haven't made reservations.	statement	db
Sent it back, to a waitress who did not understand what was wrong with red wine chilled at the same temperature as a frozen Margarita.	statement	db
Especially when there is the part with crazy tribal drums.	statement	db
Well, when we sat down on Sat evening, the place was almost completely empty, and Brussels Sprouts next door was fully booked.	statement	db
With warm and open minded staff who make sure your order is right and on time, it is nice place with a good ambience to come for those romantic dinners.	statement	db
The cheesy crispy sandwich was delicious when dipped with the tangy tomato soup.	statement	db
The rosti was not quite what I was expected.	statement	db
We had to go inside and hunt someone down to tell them what was missing and what was incorrect and to ask for salt & pepper.	statement	db
- friendly staff who recognizes you and goes The extra mile to make you feel comfortable.	statement	db
I never understood well done meats so i absolutely do not get the Country Fried Steak ($22), which looked like a crispy chicken fillet when it was served.	statement	db
Well well... 100-day dry aged beef or not, this was dry, grainy and powdery, which is not what dry aged is btw.	statement	db
So another feature at the flagship outlet at the Somerset outfit is the Tasting Bar, where you can learn more about the coffee.	statement	db
Unlike my last review, where the burger cost $20++ and didn't include fries, the Cuban sandwich I ordered was huge AND came with fries and a small salad... for a little under $20.	statement	db
I might go back to try the coffee since that's what everyone raved about but not the food.	statement	db
Espresso - golden brown crema, consistent with coffee beans which have been roasted recently - exactly what I would expect from an established coffee roastery.	statement	db
The aftertaste lingered, with sweetness evident in the foam - this occurs when milk is steamed at the correct temperature, increasing the solubility of the lactose.	statement	db
They chose to use chicken breast which can be awfully tasteless and dry when not prepared well.	statement	db
Head Barista and Assistant Manager is John Ting, who came in 2nd at the Singapore National Barista Championship.	statement	db
The staff pick their coffee with care, as Ï witnessed when I swung by yesterday, with a helpful chap talking me through the beans they used when I wandered over to the giant coffee roaster (named Ella, so I've read).	statement	db
The latte art has been of a generally high standard, and I was only disappointed once, when my friend's piccolo latte came with three somewhat splotchy white patches.	statement	db
It's fairly dark in here, and tables are generally well-spaced so you never feel as if you're being crowded even when the place is full.	statement	db
The first time I stepped into Oriole was way back when 313 Somerset was still under construction and hasn't opened yet, you have to walk through the Pan Pacific Serviced Suites to get to it and I thought I found the best hidden gem ever...it used to be really quiet, peaceful with superb coffee to boot!	statement	db
Given that everything's average and you come here on a chance that you may get lucky with food/coffee that day, there's however something about this place that makes it great to hang about with friends (maybe not the nights with live music when you have to compete with the booming amps).	statement	db
I'd still give Oriole 4 stars, because I like it there when I'm with a group of friends, it's a nice feeling, and I really want to like this place and think it has the potential to be better.	statement	db
I have to politely disagree with what most Yelpers have said about Oriole.	statement	db
The ugly: Has a little bit of everything, which makes its difficult to tell what the place really is.	statement	db
It's still a good meeting spot if you're in this area, though, but these days I would rather go to Brotzeit right across where I know I can get beer and okay stuff overall, than pay similar prices at Oriole, whose USP should be the coffee, but it isn't anymore.	statement	db
I had a meal there during the festive season during which they dished out pretty unique bites like Ali Baa Baa ($16) is a unique offering where a tasty grilled Turkish lamb patty is paired with haloumi cheese, baba ghanoush, tomatoes and flat bread.	statement	db
For a post-dinner drink, we were quite glad to have gone to Oriole where we managed to enjoy a few hours of catching up before they closed at 11.	statement	db
Especially those stylish worker-types who might want to come here to unwind during lunch hours.	statement	db
Then came 2 salads: a pumpkin mash with sultanas that was absolutely delicious and a ""sesame fresh veggie"" dish that had dou miao and julienned carrots cooked in a mushroom broth, topped with what tasted like yuzu shavings.	statement	db
The servers at Sumiya were also very quick and attentive, delivering the food the minute each kitchen station put them out, which is critical when you want hot food to go with your beer.	statement	db
If you don't know what an izakaya is, I would recommend looking it up before coming so you don't show up expecting your typical Japanese dinner place (like I did, heh).	statement	db
If memory serves me well, this place was better a couple of years ago, when I last visited.	statement	db
Service: 3 Stars - although it wasn't busy when we were there we weren't particularly welcomed and it almost felt as if we were being rushed though they never actually said anything.	statement	db
izakayas are boisterous places - plates of good food and never-empty glasses of beer to lubricate conversations and wind down after a long day, and staff who know how to keep the place cheerful and loud enough for you to do so; this place has all those qualities in spades.	statement	db
be prepared for a boisterous night - I've been told the asahi is the cheapest here at $4.90 a mug, which might account for it - and if not, it's a welcoming place where you can, like me, clink your water to your friend's beer mugs, and call it a day.	statement	db
I think that's completely ridiculous (by which I mean stupendously good) pricing, and it certainly made my parents happy when they got the bill.	statement	db
This is the only place where I can go back again and again for their grilled cod first marinated in a sort of broth of hich I still want to find the recipe.	statement	db
But when you take a bite, WOW, they are amazing!	statement	db
It had me thinking of trying to recreate it when I got home.	statement	db
The entrance has an odd air of cacophony as multiple workers each with title badges parade about doing what they do best from the supervisor supervising to the cashier person pricing things.	statement	db
Although they speak English, an awful lot got lost in translation which left me an uneasy patron unsure where I stood with regard to the pricing of what I was ordering.	statement	db
As an illustration, I asked for a glass of beer (@$7.75) but wound up with a jug of beer ($23-ish) because the owner assumed I wanted a jug because I'm a stupid tourist or because I look like the type of person who wants a jug or he wanted to maximize how much money he could get out of me and simply willed me to have more than what I asked for.	statement	db
It had pricing but it seemed difficult deciding what to order.	statement	db
I must admit that I was still excited about the Black Pepper Crab and when it arrived, I was in for a battle.	statement	db
It depends on what is available during that season really.	statement	db
And personally, the quality of the buffet spread is actually quite good which makes the price (which is in the $50-60 range depending on what is on the seasonal buffet menu) quite worth it.	statement	db
The menu has 4 dishes which are part of the buffet but you need to order from the waiter who will also serve it to you.	statement	db
And expensive tea (you know the kind where the bags are hand sewn and pyramid-shaped like five stones).	statement	db
One waiter ran after me when i forgot my dabao-ed birthday cupcake.	statement	db
I have always like 10 at Claymore lunch buffet as being quite value for the dollar, especially when there is credit card ""1 dine free"" promotion, making it either a 25% or 33% discount.	statement	db
I love their Penang style prawn noodle that comes with a thick strong prawn stock and the fried kuay teow where you can actually taste the wok hei.	statement	db
I guess it's just that when I think of a microbrewery, I tend to think of places that have all the machinery you tend to see at every other notable microbrewery.	statement	db
The service was nothing special, and even a bit awkward/unhelpful at times as they had no idea what was in the mixed drinks on the menu.	statement	db
Its one of those places where the atmosphere is as important as the food (and beer) itself.	statement	db
Fish cakes, Tom yum soup, green curry, fried rice, fried pork and pork ribs...the dishes we ordered were quite ordinary and certainly not what we'd expect in Bangkok.	statement	db
There was no live performance when we dined, except the DJ was blasting the music, so I can't comment on the band.	statement	db
Considering what else is in Dempsey, this place is by contrast pretty bad.	statement	db
The live music wasn't what you would expect at a bar either - rotating between Hokkien, Mandarin, Cantonese, Thai, English.. some with accompanying dancers...	statement	db
The one THING I did not like was the behavior of this middle aged lady who works there.	statement	db
Which means it's the easy choice for late night suppers when you're not in the mood to get carbo coma from prata.	statement	db
And those who drink will like the sturdy selection of Japanese beers and sakes.	statement	db
While it's good to give a variety of food, the restaurant gave off the impression that A) they didn't know what to specialize in and B) that they wanted to flood you with quantity so mask the quality of their food.	statement	db
It does get a little squeezy when it gets crowded but when I was there, I was surrounded by quite a few Japaanese people and it was a bit of a fun for me to pretend I was away on holiday.	statement	db
Prices are around the same as what you might get in town so when you factor in the late-night premium, that makes it quite worth it for a supper spot.	statement	db
I don't know what fish it was but it was just so incredibly sweet.	statement	db
We were quite surprised when our private room lights were suddenly dimmed by a significant bit after our orders were taken.	statement	db
The service here is impeccable and they even have a band here and they would sing a special birthday song for you if that is what you are here to celebrate.	statement	db
I do wish there would be an option without free flow white wine, so the rest of us who don't drink can enjoy brunch here as well at a less inhibitive price.	statement	db
For those who are on a smaller budget, you can check out the cafe instead, which has a pretty good cuppa coffee as well.	statement	db
But what makes this place so inviting anytime of the day is the beautiful natural light that shines through the glass panels from one side of the restaurant.	statement	db
So not sure when there will be a third time.	statement	db
it's a rather awesome menu - large, interesting-sounding, and immensely enticing what with the descriptions.	statement	db
I massively love menus that tell me exactly what I'm going to eat - there's something to be said for being held in suspense, but usually I like to order what I know I'd really want to eat.	statement	db
I've come to a point where small portions are appreciated only when expected - usually as part of a many-coursed meal - and I most certainly don't expect it at brunch, which in itself is a hedonistic activity to ingest in a single meal what you would eat in two.	statement	db
but at twenty for my halloumi, I expect a little more than what would constitute only a small square of cheese and not even half an orange; and at thirty for the pork cheeks, perhaps some greens would have been welcome - not to mention quite a bit more mash or meat for a satisfying meal.	statement	db
the chefs know what they're doing in the kitchen, and flavors are contrasting and complementary, and the plating is both beautiful and very modern - but with three courses needed for any measure of satiety, and lunch-set portions what's more, it's a format of dining I think best left for more measured, formal meals than brunch.	statement	db
Dinner, or weekday lunches where they have great value sets.	statement	db
I've been with 3-4 different groups of people, so trust me when I say it's generally a hit amongst most people I introduce to it.	statement	db
We were really excited when we heard that Daniel Sia had opened up his own restaurant and went to check it out as soon as we could.	statement	db
Serrano Ham Bikini sandwiches with Brie I get the fancy, descriptive premium ingredients but when it looks smaller than my morning kaya toast, it just doesn't cut it.	statement	db
Lovely, but unfortunately what marred the dish were the very overcooked prawns that became pasty.	statement	db
Don't even know what this is called but I asked for a noodle dish that is popular with locals.	statement	db
This is def a local place so just see what others are eating and get the same thing.	statement	db
it's not fanciful food, and also not the best cze char I've had - por kee just a couple minutes away might do a better job, but these two places remind me of exactly what it is our parents are missing when they see the country changing - and sometimes you realise just what it is we may be losing what with all our new hipster coffee joints and hyped food imports.	statement	db
This is the place where the late Master Supreme Heavenly Chef Tham Yew Kai used to helm.	statement	db
The maggi mee goreng was passable though I don't know why there was achar on the plate.	statement	db
The guy who took our order was really stingy with his curry though.	statement	db
In addition, I know of some who would drive down specially just to satisfy their prata cravings.	statement	db
Too bad they didn't have the glutinous rice and crab when we were there, so we opted for the black pepper crab instead.	statement	db
A a bit of a Do-it-yourself burger where you take a strip of pork belly put it inside a steam bun.	statement	db
This place opened along Joo Chiat Road a couple of years ago under the name ""Ubin Seafood"" owned by the people who formerly ran the original seafood restaurant on Pulau Ubin.	statement	db
Here's where I've been eating since they first opened 4-5 years ago.	statement	db
Usually, I eat either black pepper crab or chili crab when I dine in seafood restaurants, but we had heard good things about the steamed crab at this place and decided to give this a try.	statement	db
Depending on what is your mood there is a place for you.	statement	db
If you are not sure what you like, the chefs always have good recommendations.	statement	db
She told me after, that she only emailed them what she wanted.	statement	db
The only downside, well, I don't know why but the staffs just have to bring food to their ""prep"" table before serving, making the restaurant look busy all the time even if there are only a few customers.	statement	db
But of note are the high quality local staff who can communicate in both English and Mandarin, unlike some other restaurants.	statement	db
I don't know who they've got training over there.	statement	db
The mango pomelo dessert was decent, but the egg white puffs with durian were quite disappointing, according to those who tried it.	statement	db
Most of all the amazing people who run this restaurant, the collective experience and personal service these people bring to the atmosphere is something to remember.	statement	db
We were most impressed when they presented our mains in two well-dished separate portions.	statement	db
'ello 'ello 'ello   *i trimmed my nails and wore dark clothing for the visit to the mighty crab temple*   Who would have thought there'd be a Louisiana seafood themed restaurant situated in the middle of nowhere.	statement	db
Grab someone who has a birthday on that month and you get a complimentary lobster.	statement	db
Sweet and not overcooked, the chunky fleshes might be a hassle to remove from the shells at first but all efforts were rewarded when you mopped down with the sauces.	statement	db
Despite being opened only for a few months, it's no nonsense when it comes to the Cajun-style lobsters here.	statement	db
Recommended: The Works Sauce, no matter what seafood you are getting!	statement	db
Conversely, the spicy sauces are less flavourful when you start out, but so much cleaner and lighter on the palate that you can keep going for longer.	statement	db
Service was attentive & quick, including the owner who was really hospitable.	statement	db
The price tag seems a bit steep at $7-9++ a bowl, especially when comparing to the hawker center across the street ($3), but hey!	statement	db
you get what you pay for...meaning, there's AC.	statement	db
Slightly on the pricey end but can't deny this place has become a regular for me when it comes to dim sum, roast meat, congee and other typical HK dishes.	statement	db
The restaurant was about 20% capacity when we dined and there was a lady that pretty much just stood there by our table watching us eat.	statement	db
Ample of seating places when I visited with 3 others.	statement	db
The soft egg was not even center, so the lucky person who got that slice was the only one who had a chance to taste it.	statement	db
Even when we came early and it literally almost empty, the lady said there is only two tables open.	statement	db
Actually when we left there were empty tables with reservation signs with a huge line.	statement	db
The staff is what I'm finding typical singapore, hard working understaffed.	statement	db
The place itself not big and spacious, good enough for singapore anyway   We celebrate my birthday there and what i love as well aside from their food, the bring the cake with a happy birthday singing lovely... Feel so warm!	statement	db
We had our first taste of their wonderful giant pizzas at the Greenwood outlet and when they started to branch out to the various parts of Singapore.	statement	db
The most outrageous part was when they decided to waive the beer and glass of wine and rather take back the beer that had already been consumed, DIRECTLY from my friends hand and throw it out rather then let him finish it since they waved it so they can chase us off their premises.	statement	db
There will always be service staff who behaves this way.	statement	db
We were really glad when Peperoni Pizzeria opened up a branch in our neck of the woods as Greenwood Ave and Binjai, their earlier outlets were a bit out of the way for us.	statement	db
However, it seemed we weren't the only glad ones as it's always packed to the brim when we swing by, so we could only get the XXL pizzas to go.	statement	db
We then proceeded to get the pepperoni pizza and the Amatriciana (linguini with smoky bacon & sautéed onions in zesty tomato sauce) when our friend arrived, before ending off with a tiramisu to share.	statement	db
sub-30 for meat-based mains) particularly when you consider that it's part of the Les Amis group.	statement	db
Definitely nowhere close to what I get from Mozza in MBS.	statement	db
You definitely get what you pay for at this kind of pretending-to-be Italian restaurant in Singapore.	statement	db
The staffs there are very friendly and pay attention to our requests even when the place is crowded.	statement	db
A must have when I'm having my meal there is the tiramisu.	statement	db
The menu offers prix fixe courses only, which is an excellent idea since it's the chef who knows his own creations.	statement	db
Ribeye - pricey at $98 but the most perfect cut of meat I've had in awhile Au Petit Salut Assiette - a great entree to share, especially if you're a fan of parfaits   What I didn't like:  The Soya cheesecake - definitely not to the standard of a french style cheesecake, it was watery and lacked flavour.	statement	db
starter: when i see bone marrow, i order it!	statement	db
but when combined with the eggplant, capers and cornichons it was just right.	statement	db
Service can be a little slow if you're sitting outside, plus, it's really warm and there are many dark corners where mosquitos hide.	statement	db
Service: 1 star  ""Ok"" at best - generally... but the server who was served us made a fatal mistake  My friend had a fish bone in her haddock, which was lucky since she was a slow eater and managed to pick it out before it got swallowed.	statement	db
I had last been a few years ago when they were serving bog standard french food and thought nothing special.	statement	db
be prepared to wait as most people who come to this coffeeshop are here only for a bowl of noi's noodles which is always cooked al dente.	statement	db
don't be too surprised when you are served by an indian order taker(from what i gather is related to the stall owner) who speaks fluent mandarin and teochew!	statement	db
It tastes exactly as you think it would, but when combined with the juices of the burger, it takes the flavour to another level!	statement	db
Miguel ordered a different burger than I did, and when our food was served, our server had absolutely no clue which was which.	statement	db
unfriendly waiter who looked like he wished he wasn't there	statement	db
Go try it when you are in town!	statement	db
It's a small, dingy (cosy, if it's not a full house), hole-in-a-wall in Orchard Plaza (above the various KTV lounges and Filipino hostesses), with a very much Japanese chef (who behaves like an extremely culinary-talented dad at home), and his Singaporean 'translator'/co-owner of the place who helps speak to the chef and to get orders.	statement	db
The service was quite good although a little in your face when clearing food if I am to be picky.	statement	db
The dessert was devoured because it was that gooey, salty and sweet, and chocolate goodness that hit the spot especially for that time of the month when almost every woman craves chocolate.	statement	db
Salmonella Suspected in Kids Pasta   This is a serious topic so I will try to be as factual as possible in my review and also note speculation where appropriate.	statement	db
The next day, the said child who consumed the pasta, had diarrhea in the morning, a fever by 10 am, and a febrile seizure by noon from a spike in his fever to spiked over 40 degrees.	statement	db
No one else in our family contracted the bacterial infection except my son who had the pasta.	statement	db
So, we raise our kids in a culture where hygiene and food safety is highly valued.	statement	db
Anyone who has lived in both SE Asia as well as North America or Western Europe, can attest that 'food safety' can mean something totally different in terms of the exact policies required (food spoils so much faster here), and the consistency to which those procedures will be carried out...  -  As is the case with most isolated food poisoning cases, a direct link between salmonella and the restaurant cannot be proved conclusively.	statement	db
On a recent business trip to Singapore I discovered La Forketta as it was about a 2 minute walk from the Orchard Hotel where I was staying.	statement	db
This is an excellent place to eat as everything is made fresh to order and they have open kitchens where you can see the chefs at work.	statement	db
This location also has a small store attached where you can buy Italian pasta, flour, chocolate, drinks etc.	statement	db
They also have a small outdoor area where you can eat and watch the cars heading to Orchard Street.	statement	db
Cheap booze always gets a nod from me - especially when its a quality, bubbly, Asahi Dry (still in a bottle), at $5 nett!	statement	db
The staff are really nice and genuine, but I've had several experiences of waiting for a long time just to place an order, and more times where I've had to wait really long just to get my beer.	statement	db
Even when it's not very crowded.	statement	db
This doesn't bother me too much, but when you're getting a quick drink with friends before a concert, this gets really annoying.	statement	db
We chose Sauce because of two reasons: - My ex-coursemates, who went in a large group of 30 pax had great fun there.	statement	db
The place where we were seated was semi-alfresco (if there's such a term) - outdoors but sheltered.	statement	db
It was quite an impromptu thing when some friends and I decided to grab a drink at Sauce.	statement	db
I fall in love with the food after waited what it seems to feel like an eternity to get a place.	statement	db
It's not too spicy, where sweat is literally dripping down your face (happened to me at Jane Thai, haha!	statement	db
Cheap and served by a nice Chinese couple who seems dedicated to dish out the best beef noodles.	statement	db
They do steady business even on Sunday nights when Chinese restaurants are usually quieter after 9pm.	statement	db
In fact I just had it sold out again this past Saturday night when I asked for it halfway through my meal.	statement	db
But it's hard when you've got all the regular items always served up so fresh and consistently.	statement	db
I get nostalgic when I come to this outlet for a meal, it has been around for a longgg time, I remember coming here with my family maybe more than 10 or 15 years ago.	statement	db
I remembered it when I was in the area and decided to give it a try.	statement	db
True blue fans of ""authentic"" Chinese cuisine like to complain, when they go to ""Western"" countries, about how inauthentic the food is.	statement	db
The waitress who took our order even had a vaguely Western Chinatown accent when speaking English, which added to the authenticity.	statement	db
Ate there the first time when they started there!	statement	db
Same taste what i had back in Coimbatore, India.	statement	db
Also when ordering a fried egg the yolks are construction orange possible organic or natural or something else but still very good.	statement	db
One of the reasons why I love to stay at Royal Plaza on Scotts was their buffet breakfast at the Carousel restaurant.	statement	db
Kids' favourite usually the omelette station where they can request different vegetables and meats to be put together in their omelette.	statement	db
Unlike other places such as Japan and New York where the cupcake wave has retreated as a popular pastime, cupcakes continue to hold sway in Singapore as more bakeries and cafes enter the scene to fight the sweet pie  cake.	statement	db
Hats off to the chef who managed to grasp the essence of chocolate.	statement	db
It always befuddled me when I read it has won several awards for its buffet, but finally I can see the reason.	statement	db
Service: I am not sure if it was due to my friend who made the reservations for 13 of us or what, but we were given a private room (there are 2 available), and there was a dedicated server for our room.	statement	db
They took a picture for us using their ipad and sent them (one original and one photoshopped with frame) almost immediately to the friend who made reservation.	statement	db
Food choices were vast that I couldn't decide what to start with.	statement	db
Located at the Royal Plaza hotel in the heart of Singapore where we were staying.	statement	db
Greeted by the most friendly hostesses Amal and Mary who despite the fact that there was a 20 min wait seated us in 5.	statement	db
Must try when you are in Singapore and is by the way rated as the best buffet in Singapore by the locals.	statement	db
Something about the same staff that always smiles as you when you get there in the morning.	statement	db
I finally gave each item a chance and realized why people love this place.	statement	db
I was pleasantly surprised when I got called by first name (they knew this because I made the reservation) by one of the service staff as she wanted to confirm the birthday celebration plan for one of my colleagues.	statement	db
I'm not really a buffet person, given that my *ahem* capacity for food has lowered over the years, but when someone gets me to Carousel, I can't turn it down.	statement	db
First comes the Japanese and seafood section where you will see an array of cold crabs and sushi and soba and tempura too.	statement	db
But kudos to the service staff here, with special mention of Karlson, who made my family happy with his personalised service, asking if one of my no-show attendees was alright when I told him my table was down a pax due to illness from the haze, addressing me by name, noticing the littlest details of my table - knowing who's birthday we are celebrating even before I had a chance to tell him and just being overall attentive.	statement	db
I recommend you to come here not just for the food but to see what true service is all about (especially when Karlson is on shift).	statement	db
I think it's an average buffet, and no offense to those who love Carousel, but I don't think it's worth the price.	statement	db
I guess what was a tad disappointing was their limited list of cocktails which mostly consisted of wine...wine and I think saw an ad for a tropical beer.	statement	db
It's all the more impressive considering it's a 100% local setup (both chef and owner) - will be interesting to see what the expat community make of it once word starts getting around.	statement	db
I do not even know what they call their pepperoni here or what it was.	statement	db
Due to it look like a chopped up big hotdog texture but, it was not hotdog so I am not sure what it was but, it did not not taste like your regular pepperoni.	statement	db
Recommend for me I will not be going back at all and that is because the pizza is bla and hidden secret pizza toppings that I do not know what they are and their cleaning standards are not up to par.	statement	db
Made the reservation online (super easy) A little hard to find unless you know where you're going, but grab cab managed to find it.	statement	db
The prices here are not what I would call reasonable, although i realize nothing in Singapore really is, this felt a little inflated.	statement	db
I adore what they did with their new interior!	statement	db
Only complaint is that the dining area in the back that was designed to be a glasshouse of sorts feels like one, too - when the sun's out it's a sauna in there.	statement	db
It is the closest to what I am use to from back home - clearer soup, peppery and stronger herb taste.	statement	db
Of course there are other stuff on the menu and with everywhere else, it very much depends on what you order.	statement	db
:)   To be honest, I've never actually ordered here, as I've always depended on my colleagues who speak Chinese.	statement	db
I'm always a bit embarrassed eating bak kut teh with someone other than my husband because I am an ANIMAL when it comes to eating pork ribs.	statement	db
I am amazed at how deft my colleagues are when they eat pork ribs with chopsticks.	statement	db
I like Bak Kut Teh, and back when I was studying overseas, I used to cook it using some really good soup-spice-packet style things, and letting everything simmer away for four long hours.	statement	db
I suppose Bak Kut Teh is to me what chicken rice is to most other people.	statement	db
This is usually a bit further away than where we usually go for lunch, so we typically save it for days when we're depressed, when a colleague leaves or when a new one comes in.	statement	db
Bearing this in mind, I think she did a great job - she was very courteous, apologising profusely when one of orders was mixed up and was really attentive to our table.	statement	db
A place where I would have given 5 stars for food 5 years ago, I would only give it a 3.5 stars now.	statement	db
My 6 friends with me also share similar sentiments - they all felt that the food quality has dropped compared to when they last dined at this outlet 1/2 years ago.	statement	db
At each table, you will find a order chit with a pen, you can tick what you plan to order and the waitress will come around and confirm your order.	statement	db
But if the foods delicious who cares.	statement	db
I would recommend this place for anyone who is looking for decent French food and doesn't like reading a long menu.	statement	db
This is where the nightmare started.	statement	db
(Ok, here is where I got a bit sarcastic, I admit that).	statement	db
Now I understand that you need to cut the leg (normally where the joints are) and in this instance, you were required to cut through the bone, but more attention needs to be paid on ensuring that these broken pieces of bone are removed before cooking or serving.	statement	db
you know what i mean if you've tried it :)	statement	db
i never asked the staff why i was told it's not available because i was more focused on catching up with my friend.	statement	db
20 mins later a waiter came to us and wondered why we never asked for the bill yet.	statement	db
I was wondering how did we end up waiting for 45 minutes before getting a table on this restaurant where there are plenty of restaurants in the area with less waiting time, but my friend told me that people did that because of the price.	statement	db
With a third of the menu presented with egg dishes, I was coaxed into having an egg white omelette by Kelvin who succeeded in uplifting my energy level with a light touch.	statement	db
As we know, buckwheat contains no gluten and so it can be quite tacky when buckwheat flour is called for in a recipe.	statement	db
hmmm, when 2 out of 3 got sick from eating here.	statement	db
service weren't great anyway even though they promptly deliver what you request.	statement	db
Tsuru-Koshi, I will admit, was one of those secret places I try not to tell people about because the food is really good and seats are always in short supply when I'm hungry.	statement	db
Lastly, the prices are decent given where the restaurant is located and the portions for quality.	statement	db
Must-eat when I am around the area!	statement	db
The waffle is more crispy than what you have outside.	statement	db
I particularly like it when i eat it with the ice cream.	statement	db
I was stuffed and they kept bringing out more great tasting food that I didn't know was included when ordering.	statement	db
Many people are willing to wait for these piping pots of steamy goodness, that's why we always make it a point to reach before dinner time.	statement	db
Saigon Alley is the latest venture at Nickel Dime, where the adjoining space started off as a beer shop before becoming a Japanese izakaya.	statement	db
I'm usually not a fan of tandori chicken b/c I think it's flavorless, but this one here was booming w/ a tasty flavor so now I kind of get what tandori is about.	statement	db
Unfortunately you get what you pay for.	statement	db
The rosti was soggy rather than crispy, and came with a measly dollop of sour cream (though they gave us more when we asked for it).	statement	db
The drumlets were crispy enough but were a bit dry even when they were served.	statement	db
Craving for European cuisine but can't decide what of Europe you want, just head to Ambush!	statement	db
New and old exist here: Cat Socrates (Cat-theme lifestyle shop where ZooZoo is the shopkeeper), Bangku Bangku Art Gallery (Rustic furniture and home decor shop), many bicycle shops, provision stores, Pet groomers (Bubbly Petz), Scanteak, TCM clinics, hobby shops, art galleries, interior design companies and so much more.	statement	db
Let me update this review when I have more things to write about.	statement	db
If you want to see the real heart of Singapore, this is where you have to go: low old, Peranakan houses in Mediterranean colors and buildings that seem to have come out of a fifties movie, Malays with their typical hats and veiled women, small hotels and attractive restaurants and lots of local shops.	statement	db
I think if I have not tried Come Daily (especially when it was still fried by the father), I will rate this as very good.	statement	db
The wet version when you dish it out with plenty of gravy over it.	statement	db
And then the dry version after the noodle has soaked up all the gravy when you are on your 2nd or 3rd plate.	statement	db
It took me a while to make out what is the difference between this and Come Daily as both are good.	statement	db
The or luak was not available when we were there and they could not give a simple answer when we asked when it would be available again.	statement	db
I would only go back again when the or luak is available.	statement	db
And this is the same coffee shop where the famous Ocean Fish Head Curry is.	statement	db
You can even build your own burger if you know what patty works with what toppings and sauces.	statement	db
Do take into account some waiting time though as the burgers take a while to be prepared, usually i'm at my second milkshake already when the food is served.	statement	db
that said, fatboy's offers a whole wheat burger bun that makes me feel a lot less guilty when indulging.	statement	db
there's a happy hour (6pm onwards), where you get a HUGE glass of Hoegaarden for like $10.	statement	db
Service was snappy though you could tell the staff were bracing for the weekend rush when waits can top an hour (or so I hear).	statement	db
PARTING THOUGHT: they should install a THW live line cam, so you can plan when to go!	statement	db
no big deal, just order from their simplified set menus during those periods and collect your choice at the kitchen counter when your number is up lah.	statement	db
Personally, i find their food ok but not as fantastic as what many make it out to be.	statement	db
Tasteless beef noodle ( where I had to pour my entire portion of sauce and chilli) to get a modicum of taste.	statement	db
I forgot what I ate due to food coma...	statement	db
But when it comes to the one at Old Airport Road Market, you will be seeing me joining the long 'snake' queue.	statement	db
The reason why I love their Lor Mee so much is because of their thick gravy sauce.	statement	db
What can I say when the carving hits it is worth the while.	statement	db
I hope I'm not disappointed when I finally have crab in this space.	statement	db
The service was perfectly fine (despite other reviews) and I can see why my friend who has been to Singapore 17 times wanted to come here.	statement	db
Wonder if it gets more crowded when it's not a Wednesday night.	statement	db
We were then told verbally that the promotions were not applicable for eve of PH (and there was no where else that states so, not the website, fb, menu).	statement	db
Not feeling quite right with my questioning mind, we asked the assistant manager politely how exactly can they not update their terms and conditions and to tell their customers otherwise when they have made reservations to enjoy a lovely evening.	statement	db
I liked the food and location, which explains why the reservation made on a good Sunday to be spent and relax by the riverside.	statement	db
Firstly when I asked about the Blond beers, the server said they only had about 4 of the 12-15 they listed.	statement	db
The worse part was when our server took the lid off the pot of mussels we ordered.	statement	db
It was barely two thirds full, and some of the mussels looked like they had shrunk to the size of clams :( When one of the managers or team leaders sent our beers, I asked her if she could provide some feedback to the kitchen- that it's quite sad to open a pot of mussels and find it only two thirds full.	statement	db
Instead of apologizing for the miserable portion, she actually provided an explanation of how the kitchen hasn't figured out how to 'fix it', and that at certain times of the year, when the price of the mussels increase, they cannot serve the same weight of mussels!!!	statement	db
If truly your food portions are dependent on the fluctuating costs of the ingredients, then I'd rather spend my money somewhere else- where they don't think that 6-7 mussels would matter and make them a loss.	statement	db
Mussels were exceptional, but the service was dreadful and there wasn't a wine I could drink and believe me when I say I have had some bad wine!	statement	db
Brussels Sprouts @ Robertson Quay holds special meaning for the missus and me because its where we had our first date.	statement	db
Though why I chose it that particular day I will never know, after all the missus did not really like mussels before then.	statement	db
The food however was alright depending on what you order.	statement	db
Dropping in one late night/early morning after the kitchen closed saw us hungry and him procuring us pizza from the restaurant next door - at no charge even when we insisted on paying.	statement	db
Kudos to his professionalism and kindness - this is what makes an establishment a great one.	statement	db
One guess as to what Brussels Sprouts specialises in.	statement	db
Brussels Sprouts is a great place for dinner and a beer, particularly on a weekend when Robertson Quay and establishments along the Singapore River are more lively.	statement	db
The only reason why I don't give it five stars is that your meal won't come cheap.	statement	db
Service was excruciatingly slow, wings were average, mussels were overpriced for what you got and the frites were NOT frites -- dehydrated and over-cooked frozen plank fries should have been a more accurate menu description.	statement	db
I had not eaten much all day, and what I had eaten - toast and a coffee for breakfast, could not have given me food poisoning - I can only attribute it to this.	statement	db
However, Keisuke Kani King  offers a totally new concept of ramen (apart from the other new and unique keisuke lobster king at Clarke Quay) which is very refreshing as the tonkotsu ramen trend is slowly dying and that's what makes it different from other tonkotsu-based ramen restaurants.	statement	db
I'll be back to try the Crab Tsukemen a.k.a dipping noodles (I used to love Menya Musashi's tsukemen in black soup when the quality was still good).	statement	db
Most of the dishes just kept me smiling while I ate it, as it really reminds me of what I've have in Spain.	statement	db
Spizza is a really great place and i honestly don't understand why people wouldn't like this place.	statement	db
The servers and staff who work there are very nice and friendly and greet you with a smile.	statement	db
They always carry smiles with them when we walk in to the store till we walk out of the store.	statement	db
Dessert, Tiramisu is one of the best (that's what I always order if I have empty stomach left for dessert cravings).	statement	db
Every Wednesday night after my meeting down the road, I head over to Spizza where they have my corner table waiting for me and my laptop.	statement	db
Attention guests: the oven is NOT wood-fired contrary to what is advertised.	statement	db
Spizza is a decent place serving thin crust pizzas - great for dining there when you're not feeling particularly hungry.	statement	db
The reason why this branch of Spizza only gets 2 stars is because it's not hard to find better quality pizzas in Bukit Timah - Peperoni and Casa Verde spring to mind, with both being relatively comparable in prices to Spizza.	statement	db
Service was incredible, with the chef explaining what he was serving with its Japanese names (and English names upon request).	statement	db
The husband, who is an edomae sushi fan, left beaming.	statement	db
The chef forgot about me towards the end of my omakase when other patrons started being seated and I constantly had to flag down a waitress to fill my tea and to also pour my expensive Shinji-branded sake into our carafe (since there is nowhere on the counter that they could put it, they had it next to them).	statement	db
It's a chain to me these days and I'm truly not a fan of Japanese restaurants where the head chef is rarely there to put his heart, passion and artistry into each course for you.	statement	db
Singapore charges a premium when it comes to fine dinning.	statement	db
For 2 people with 2 omakase and non-alcoholic drinks, we paid around $800 Sing so don't be shocked when you see all the surcharges.	statement	db
Now don't forget that because this is where you will experience the sweetest chicken rice sauce ever.	statement	db
No menu here so I didn't know what else they have but these two dishes were perfect.	statement	db
The place is fairly small and the space a bit narrow but they do have some space outside, still covered by a roof so possible to use when raining as well.	statement	db
It is however also a lot of people who take the cupcakes and other pastries with them.	statement	db
Over priced for what you get.	statement	db
Had a funny smell when I walked in - should have been my clue to exit.	statement	db
It was what first attracted us into stepping in.	statement	db
But what captivated us the most were the cupcakes on display.	statement	db
The drinks were a bit expensive for what you get.	statement	db
This is my go-to place when I want to spend some time alone, reading a book.	statement	db
I love the storefront with the large square communal table where people just sit there going on about their own business.	statement	db
They have a great texture and deviate away from being outlandishly sweet; I love that every flavour says what it means and means what it says.	statement	db
(A useful handle for when you're commuting with cupcakes!)	statement	db
That's what you get here at Astons.	statement	db
I've been dining here for years when I'm lazy to dress up to eat elsewhere or when I just don't feel like spending a lot on food.	statement	db
I had to find out of course on a day when there was no queue.	statement	db
A small simple sausage dish that you must try to have a clue why i would give this place a 5 star rating.	statement	db
We now live in a world where you can take a selife, have it printed on coffee foam and presented to you in about 10 minutes or so.	statement	db
Because when you desperately have to take the Browns to the Super Bowl, you'll do whatever it takes!	statement	db
Drinks with selfies on the surface of your drink, what a concept.	statement	db
To sum it up, I just know what good Yeung chow fried rice tastes like.	statement	db
The process is simple- find a table to sit at, check out the menu (small ones are provided at each table), order/pay at the cashier where they'll give you a buzzer and then pick up your food at the counter when it's ready.	statement	db
The service of the hostess who took my order was far from friendly, don't think I will be returning to eat there.	statement	db
Sure, it's not on the cheap side & can be out of the way for some folks, but here's why I like this place.	statement	db
Taking over from Prime Society, Portico Prime has outdoors seating which is perfect for peeps who bring their furry friends.	statement	db
Hot food must stay hot and cold food must stay cold, these are rules of thumb when it comes to safety and I think this is being ignored in such a place as Singapore.	statement	db
This is where I get my falafel fix.	statement	db
For days when I am missing hummus and falafel, I would get the falafel wrap from Shiraz Mazzeh.	statement	db
There are a few high tables for those who like to have it there, but otherwise, most will get it to go and eat as they walk along the stretch of Orchard Road.	statement	db
But if you're like me who braved the rain just to try the Shiraz place, then by all means, go for it.	statement	db
I literally have to yell my order, which wasn't a big deal because I was craving it so bad that I was actually fine yelling it, but when I mentioned that the volume could be turned down a bit, the staff made me feel like I was a lame grandpa who only appreciates classical music.	statement	db
When I lived in Novena many moons ago, I remember avoiding this place during lunch or when I was extremely hungry, because the food would take a long time to come out.	statement	db
There's plenty of seating, even when there is a long line at the counter.	statement	db
That's when I realized that eating healthy can be so delicious.	statement	db
I've been eating here for 2 days straight and they already recognize me when I come in, must be my American personality or maybe I have something on my face.	statement	db
It's not a fancy place by any means and is a good place to stop by when you need to grab a bite to eat with a friend or friends.	statement	db
Servers always ignore you even when they aren't busy.	statement	db
I really don't like wait staff trying to push me to order something crazily expensive with shark fin or what not..	statement	db
I know what I want and the only reason I am here is for the Chili Crab..  Chili Crab here definitely not cheap, but I find the sauce deliciously good.... sweet and with just a hint of spiciness and so thick and sinfully tasty.	statement	db
I'm sure this place is a fancy restaurant, and people come here to impress, so that's probably why they put the 2 ""youngsters"" dressed in tshirts/shorts/flipflops near the bar in the corner behind the big post/column.	statement	db
I was shown here by a local family who regularly dine here, so I assure the ""tourist trap"" claims are false.	statement	db
You get what you pay for.	statement	db
spiffy restaurant by vivocity, what do you expect lol.	statement	db
It really baffles me when the standard drops so much.	statement	db
Customers who are new to No signboard may find it passable but I think those who knew the old No Signboard would feel abit sad about it now.	statement	db
The Chilli crab is not bad either, the mantou is a must have when eating this dish to soak up all the thick chilli sauce well mixed with eggs.	statement	db
The menu was different than on my first visit, so I suggest visiting the website to see what items you might expect to find.	statement	db
No matter the course, when they serve you that enormous oversized white plate with the small beautiful portion of food in the middle, you'll be met with the bitter sweet realization that it will all be over in just  5 or 6 bites.	statement	db
More snow in this one (horseradish) but it melted when we were happily snapping away.	statement	db
The service in general was good except for a snooty local manager who all but rolled his eyes every time he talked to us.	statement	db
I am not sure why so many restaurants in Singapore keep the lighting so dark.	statement	db
This way, I know who specifically to ask questions to.	statement	db
It was cooked to what I consider a perfect medium rare.	statement	db
There is always a fine line and it can be difficult to discern what separates four stars from five.	statement	db
Imagine you're at the local zoo and you're looking to sit down for a bit and enjoy and overpriced snack... that's what Pollen is.	statement	db
I've heard bad things from people who have gone for lunch and if your experience of Pollen involves slumming it with the tourists on the upper deck of the restaurant on the frankly, hideous garden furniture, then perhaps there is no chance of redemption.	statement	db
Services are great as usual and this is one of the places you should bring guests where aft meal you can stroll along flower dome.	statement	db
I do hope they'll tweak their menu a bit though as Im kinda know what I shall eat alrd.	statement	db
I am so captivated by the horseradish 'snow' - using new culinary technique; where the buttermilk was added to horseradish juice & thickened with cornstarch, thereafter frozen and pacotized, and later grated microscopically when served.	statement	db
Sounds like a big diversion between the sweet peanut butter parfait & sour yuzu cherry sorbet, they duo did harmonize when eaten together.	statement	db
The after taste of yuzu has always been unique which I don't know what to make of it.	statement	db
Lara has been very creative when comes to plating - pomegranates, black raspberry & floral petals, everything looks so whimsical.	statement	db
This place seems to mainly attract people who live nearby and they told me it was opened partly so they could have a proper baking kitchen as they supply bread to their main restaurant and have a baking chef and a pastry chef onsite.	statement	db
Due to its location right opposite to where I live and the recent closing of all the good cafés nearby due to renovation, I have to return to eat at this cafe again for a quick bite before heading off for work.	statement	db
Same as before when it was first opened, the food quality varies depending on who is in charge of the food on that day.	statement	db
The menu had changed alot from what I last had.	statement	db
COFFEE BALLER ($8.50+) Macadamia Flavoured Espresso Ice Ball served with warm milk Beware of the hot milk when pouring into the glass.	statement	db
I got to know about it when I saw the picture of it on instagram the day before.	statement	db
The pasta dishes are what you could expect from a place like this but nothing spectacular.	statement	db
Went there for a birthday celebration, found it to be a quaint little Italian-village looking place (which I guess was what it was going for) with a classy and quiet interior.	statement	db
But that's where the good stuff ends.	statement	db
Our food took almost a full hour to come from the time we ordered, and when it finally came, the quality wasn't all that good.	statement	db
Also, when we wanted to ask a waiter to take a photo for our group, there was none in sight.	statement	db
It's not what I expected but I will order again.	statement	db
This wasn't as good as when I last had it.	statement	db
Firstly we had never been to this area, we were amazed, like a hidden gem, and so close to where we live!	statement	db
No, but it was one of the better mid range Japanese I had in Singapore, I will certainly return when I want to treat myself to decent Japanese food.	statement	db
didn't even know what I was putting in my mouth, to think about it...	statement	db
I don't remember what I ate.	statement	db
I don't know whether it was the way he described the ingredients, but when the food came, the taste of authenticity and freshness were definitely there.	statement	db
Inside, you have a choice of seating at the sushi bar counter or on traditional Japanese dining rooms (the type where you sit on the floor) or normal tables, depending on the mood of the group you're with.	statement	db
But I've been to quite a few Jap restaurants thanks to friends who are more than enthusiastic about Jap food.	statement	db
From what I remembered of the menu, prices were pretty decent.	statement	db
On the plus side, I did exit the toilet smelling fresher than when I entered...	statement	db
It was fantastic, because I love the taste of steaks when they are slightly burnt from the grilling.	statement	db
I adore their Sunday brunch with its freshly shucked oysters and meat grilled to perfection, and its martini bar where the alcohol was poured into an ice sculpture where it traveled before reaching the glass so as to keep it chilled.	statement	db
The Buffalo mozzarella with fresh tomatoes are awesome, likewise for the salmon dish (don't remember the name) where the salmon is so tender it can melt in your mouth.	statement	db
Take for example the Rack of Lamb from Australia that truly exemplifies the skills of Chef Owen who is a master at handling tricky cuts.	statement	db
It's on the top floor of the hotel where the pool is.	statement	db
The first time was quite early on, when the restaurant was still quite an 'undiscovered gem', and my dining companions and I were floored by the view when we stepped into the restaurant.	statement	db
But, credit where credit's due.	statement	db
All this without asking, prompting, or any raised voices what so ever.	statement	db
Asparagus, topped with a 65 degree poached egg, shaved black truffles, served with what tasted like a Hollandaise espuma.	statement	db
The size was on the smaller side from what I had been used to back in Connecticut, but nevertheless the taste was definitely there!	statement	db
I think the berry compote and the fresh fruits is what made the dish.	statement	db
I don't know where they source their berries from, but they just tasted phenomenal.	statement	db
(No idea why they play the type of music that they do.	statement	db
I was initially hesitant about making a reservation here due to the notorious car park challenge at Greenwood - but thought what the heck, let's give it a go.	statement	db
The interior is cosy and charming (no this doesn't mean what it does in property ads), service was attentive without being stuffy (although I thought they could have been a tad warmer to really play to the neighborhood vibe), and food was pretty damn good.	statement	db
The standout dish for me really was the rillette - I'd go out on a limb to say this was better than what they used to make at Le Bistrot du Sommelier.	statement	db
I'll definitely return when I can next muster the patience to do laps around the pathetic carpark - if anything for the rillette!	statement	db
But who thought that they could be delicious (and a healthier alternative to beef).	statement	db
The Pavlova with Strawberry Ice Cream might just be what you're looking for if you're looking to gratify your desires for sweets - the Pavlova collapses and dissipates to fine clumps of sugary goodness upon entry to your mouth, and a nice cuppa of Hazelnut Coffee should brighten up your senses, as you swallow its velvety smoothness and take in the nutty fragrance exuded by the cuppa.	statement	db
It was during the times where women toiled hard with sweat on their brows, working hard for the greater good - The Great Singapore Sale (GSS).	statement	db
Surprisingly turns out this is where their strength lies.	statement	db
Sweet and slight grainy, interesting fusion taste when consume with the ingredients.	statement	db
Nuff said :) Rating 5/5  (9) Chendol  - Personally, I felt this chendol wasn't as authentic as those I tried before, especially these greeny pandan jellies (If you know what I meant).	statement	db
** The whole dining experience was really good, especially when dine with good friends.	statement	db
They were also kind enough to tell us more about the food recipes when asked upon.	statement	db
PENANG HAWKER FARE  So the York Hotel coffee house does this thing called Penang Hawkers Fare where it invites 22 famous hawkers food chef from Penang, Malaysia to cook up their famous dishes.	statement	db
this place does it for us when we want truly good, refined cantonese food - which is all at once classy and nostalgic at the same time.	statement	db
jellyfish is always a must-order, and definitely when the imperial treasure restaurants serve the delectable crunchy head.	statement	db
But it gets pretty irritating when I'm obviously not done with my food and the waitress comes asking us if she could clear the dish.	statement	db
Your life isn't complete without going to Long Beach Seafood when you're in Singapore.	statement	db
Excellent service, our waiter was always around, paying attention, when the glasses are empty, if wet napkins are needed.	statement	db
Probably will check another place when we crave for crabs	statement	db
However, I guess I just become one when the price tag reaches a certain point.	statement	db
Here at Long Beach (Singapore, not California - where the term usually conjures up memories), I will have to be somewhat of an elitist after witnessing my aunt drop down a stash of cash to pay for a dinner welcoming my fiance to Singapore.	statement	db
The restaurant fills up quickly so reservations are definitely recommended, and there's outdoor seating for those who prefer to enjoy the Dempsey setting.	statement	db
They added some texture and also helped cool us down when the chili got too spicy for us (it rarely did, though; the chili in chili crab really hasn't seemed that spicy so far).	statement	db
We were brought there by some friends who live in Singapore.	statement	db
Crabs are what you come for here so get those if you get nothing else.	statement	db
Long Beach has been around since god knows when - and there is nothing negative about that.	statement	db
I remember coming here many, many times when I was younger for those huge raucous family dinners where we would occupy two tables and leave only after we have littered the tabletop with heaps of crab and prawn shells.	statement	db
The name alone tells you what to expect, and having been around for the longest time, is one of the places you know you can trust to have a great time.	statement	db
Bookings are essential if you want to sit indoors where there's air-conditioning, if not, you'll find the al fresco areas rather breezy as well.	statement	db
i don't even remember what else i ate, but i just remember drinking the chili crab sauce when we finished the crab.	statement	db
Their chicken rice brings me back in time to my childhood when chicken rice taste like this.	statement	db
Got to the restaurant - what a lovely looking restaurant !	statement	db
I enjoyed the juicy bursts from the pomelo when I bit into them.	statement	db
Paired with scallops, shrimp and squid, what made this so insanely awesome was fresh crabmeat in the sauce.	statement	db
I don't know what else to ask for in an unpretentious cafe that serves top-notch food.	statement	db
While deciding on what to eat for lunch with my friend, I decided to venture the new wing of Plaza Singapura and my friend suggested this place as she is craving more Americanized food (actually Italian food).	statement	db
There were two questions - what is well done and what need fixing.	statement	db
Great for people like me who ain't big fans of pizza doughs.	statement	db
The staff crew was very enthusiastic and polite, constantly asking us if we would like a refill and everyone of them also bidded my friends and I goodbye when we exited the shop.	statement	db
One of the chains I miss from Singapore (as it was only a few minutes walk from where I lived).	statement	db
This coffeeshop is famous for being the place where Mee Pok Man (a seminal 1995 Singaporean film) was filmed.	statement	db
I'm told that the unit was bought over by a restauranteur who let the original hawkers keep working at the front, while developing the back into a restaurant.	statement	db
It doesn't quite look like what it did in Mee Pok Man, but we'll take what we can get.	statement	db
You pick and choose what you want and you're off to the cashier - like a cafeteria style dining.	statement	db
Intestine Stew - Not sure what I was eating, but it was delicious.	statement	db
One trick is to know what dishes to order and the best way is to ask for recommendations from the wait staff.	statement	db
The bacon was well down to the point that my brain was shaking when it was crunching in my mouth.	statement	db
It's just not what it could be imo.	statement	db
After all, I am no Adam Richman of Man vs Food who is all out to conquer the most compelling food that keeps populating without any sign of slowing down.	statement	db
The food scene is getting more electrifying and when it becomes explosive, it will be unimaginable.	statement	db
With a bit of luck, one could still find authentic flavourful eatery without having to join the crowd in the bustling street of Orchard - but allow me to echo; ""that's when you are in luck.""	statement	db
But more inviting is the lady behind the baking countertop who was once the executive pastry chef at Saint Pierre who struck out on her 5 years ago.	statement	db
I feel good not for the cappuccino but the biding good-bye when you make your exit to the door.	statement	db
but i'm not sure what time they end.	statement	db
Mom and I popped by after lunch and were pondering what bread/cake to get.. and bing!	statement	db
It can get more crowded when the lunch crowd comes, but if you avoid going between 12-2pm on weekdays, it's quite empty.	statement	db
I was walking around Novena Square when I discovered this little place in the corner and absolutely knew I had to try it.	statement	db
Guess I was in the mood for an adventurous snack when I passed by Mr You Tiao at Square 2 after a meeting at an office nearby....because I decided to go for the exotic green tea you tiao.	statement	db
Final verdict: Mr You Tiao knows very well what works well with the beloved dough and is not afraid to whip it up and serve it!	statement	db
Ichiban Sushi becomes a usual hangout with friends when we're craving for Japanese cuisine.	statement	db
My friend had actually ordered salmon fish head soup and it was a turn off when it came.	statement	db
I have high tolerance for salty dish but it was pretty bad when I have to stop myself from consuming it further.	statement	db
But when it came to testing the wonton, somehow the filling was also salty.	statement	db
I noticed many diners taking big scoops of the chilly oil, so I tried it to see what it's all about.	statement	db
Banchan : Gamja Jorim (Soy Braised Potatoes ) Myulchi Bokkeum (Stir-fried Anchovies) Kongnamul-muchim (Marinated Bean Sprouts) Kimchi   Not much choice when your dining partner refused to have anything spicy.	statement	db
And by what I've had, this is somewhere where I would go to if I were desperately craving Korean food and needed a quick fix.	statement	db
We said we would rather self-cook our meal and the waitress looked distressed as she didn't know what else to do.	statement	db
The couple next to us who left, had to pull out the entire table before the other person sitting on the couch could get out.	statement	db
At least not what I'm used to when real Korean people prepare the food.	statement	db
The only reason why I visited this store in the first place was because of a voucher.	statement	db
The sauce was delicious when mixed with the bowl of Japanese rice we were served with.	statement	db
The chef also made it a point to make small talk when he was preparing the food, which I felt was a nice touch.	statement	db
The ladies traveled across the globe to Le Cordon Bleu Paris where they spent nine months learning the art of French pastry.	statement	db
The eclairs had toppings that helped distinguish what eclairs they were.	statement	db
Other than the usual bun burgers, they also have what you call the 'rice burger'.	statement	db
The burger was much smaller than I expected and under $5, but I'd almost claim it as 'overpriced' for what the serving really was.	statement	db
I had a dinner date with my girlfriend at plaza singapura .... i had clue or idea what to eat for dinner and i started exploring around.	statement	db
I was thinking since my girlfriend is on the way why not continue to queue.	statement	db
One of the first times I tried their soups was when my brother was walking around plaza sing while I had to run some errands and when I met him, he passed me the cup of soup he was holding and that became my virgin Saybons experience.	statement	db
For the times when you want something quick, yet healthy.	statement	db
I remember when this place first opened as a tiny little store out of the basement of Plaza Singapura there were many naysayers who said a French-style creperie or soup kitchen would never work.	statement	db
With a winning combination of hard work and good prices and a dogged resilient belief in what they were doing, Saybons is now doing quite well, it seems, now that they have expanded into a larger sit-down cafe with more items offered on the menu.	statement	db
I should really try the crepes and such when I go back next, although the soup keeps me so happy I don't have room for much else!	statement	db
I was fortunate enough to chance upon this Japanese restaurant hidden away at the Japanese corner of Plaza Singapura while aimlessly walking around with my friends, wondering what to eat.	statement	db
Upon seeing the menu of this restaurant, one will be fazed by another mind-boggling issue- what to order.	statement	db
Practically everything on the menu looks insanely appetizing.I can't quite recall exactly what the name of my order was.	statement	db
This meal approximately costs $18 with GST and I certainly recommend it when you've got so much good stuff in your plate.	statement	db
The Flyin' Bread is where I head straight to if I'm going by Somerset and in need of a quick bite.	statement	db
The cleaning uncle was super enthusiastic like most of them everywhere - showed me where the high chairs were and cleaned up our baby's mess (we cleared the table and tray so don't judge us).	statement	db
Popeyes has daily specials, which is mostly why I frequented this joint.	statement	db
Once upon a time there was this little girl who was crazy about Rilakkuma.	statement	db
Her favorite country is where Rilakkuma hails from and had been there many times and wants to return year after year.	statement	db
The kind who I probably can go sbux with.	statement	db
For the experience and how happy the 12 year old who went home with three prizes (one beach towel and two water pitchers), that's almost priceless.	statement	db
The breaded pork is really well done and not too oily, unlike some poorly done tonkatsu places where you would have oil all over your lips.	statement	db
I used to go to Tonkichi at Ngee Ann City regularly with my grandparents when it first opened.	statement	db
Tip: Cash or Nets only when I was there  Tip2: It's convenient that Plaza Singapura has entrance from Dhoby Ghaut MRT too	statement	db
If you want the corn tortilla, you have to order the tostada where the corn tortilla has been fried and crispy.	statement	db
Food ranges from average to pretty good, it all depends on what you order.	statement	db
It seems like no matter what time it was, there was ALWAYS queue...	statement	db
The marshmallow ice cream is a little bit too sweet for my liking but it was a good combination with espresso shot - what my friend commented.	statement	db
The tea I'm not sure why but it is chamomile tea instead of the summer peach tea.	statement	db
There is also a corner where the kids can play with the lego pieces provided over the playmat.	statement	db
We could see something was not quite right when the waffle looked really brown.	statement	db
The food wasn't exactly stellar, but certainly more authentic than what many pseudo Japanese restaurants offer on Orchard.	statement	db
There were at least three other Japanese families dining there, so I'm assuming I'm not the only one who feel this way.	statement	db
The reason why i ended up at Hifumi is very singaporean... My friends and I were at a lost as to what to eat, we saw the long queue and decided to ""join in the fun"" to see what the hype of this restaurant is about.	statement	db
Nonetheless when the food started rolling into the table, we were pretty impressed.	statement	db
Otherwise a decent place to hang out, though from friends I've heard it gets really noisy when there's live music!	statement	db
For those who have been following me you would know that the first thing I like to do after getting off a plane and checking into my hotel is to find a pub to have a beer (that is if I have arrived at night - I'm not so bad that I'll go and have a beer for breakfast).	statement	db
They had a live band playing when I was here, though it was more a couple of people on accoustic guitars singing some old eighties songs.	statement	db
The food is pretty terrible - I don't know how you screw up an Irish breakfast, I mean it is only eggs and sausages but I guess that's what truly distinctive about Molly Roffey's, apart from the overpowering sound of the TV that shatters any ambience the handsome bar might provide.	statement	db
Guy at the door ordered me to a seat repeatedly while I was forced to decide what I was drinking at the door, multiple staff who took no initiative and when I approached one, deferred my question when they could've taken the receipt I was given to the bartender.	statement	db
Instead, I had to defend my rights to a cup of water with my glass of wine I had already paid for (they don't serve water to patrons who don't buy a drink, which is reasonable) while the bartender kept my receipt.	statement	db
Was constantly ignored by staff standing around, and had the pleasure of a ""black face"" when one of them asked if we would like another drink while attempting to remove my unfinished glass of water.	statement	db
We happened to be looking around for dinner at Plaza Singapura when we stumbled upon their Steamboat Buffet!	statement	db
Now, I don't know why people have been complaining about poor service--it must have been early growing pains.	statement	db
I had gone with my roommate, who ordered their seafood pad thai.	statement	db
I, on the other hand, had no idea what a ride I was in for.	statement	db
While I agreed with my roommate that my dish didn't taste very Thai authentic, initial impressions had me puzzled as to what it actually did taste like:  It didn't taste like either crab or bacon, but rather, just egg noodles.	statement	db
When she asked me what was wrong, I could barely answer.	statement	db
The portions were what you'd expect in Thailand, and the salt and oil were probably what you'd expect in Singapore!	statement	db
In summary, Bangkok Jam is overpriced for what it is.	statement	db
Tables which were vacated by other patrons lay uncleared forever until unless another group of customers required the table, pretty depressing actually for someone who had such tables in their line of sight..	statement	db
The restaurant was slightly above half filled.. Place seems pretty nice and promising..   What turned me off was the waiting time of the food..	statement	db
Their greed curry and fried rice are acceptable, still edible..   What killed them was the service.	statement	db
Firstly, the dish was lukewarm when served.	statement	db
The other colleague lapped up her TPC fried rice as she was hungry and lastly, the one who ordered the laksa with thin bee hoon complained that the bee hoon was too soft.	statement	db
Upon closer inspection, we realised that it was actually similar to what is available at hawker centres, with the east-west fusion seen at Sakura.	statement	db
That's when you send the meat and greens of your choice to the chef to do a teppanyaki fry on the spot.	statement	db
The food selection here is quite limited, but what I want to highlight is the hygiene.	statement	db
Pity it wasn't refilled when I finished it.	statement	db
I was not feeling that well when we went shopping at Plaza Singapura.	statement	db
We stumbled upon Nana's and it was just what the doctor ordered.	statement	db
I also don't remember exactly what type of udon I ordered!	statement	db
They have a wide array of matcha and hojicha drink and dessert selection that satisfy those with a sweet tooth and anyone who just wants good tea.	statement	db
The drink itself isn't sweet because it has no sugar added, but I like it because when the green tea ice-cream melts, it makes it the perfect sweetness!	statement	db
I first heard of Nana's Green Tea when I was travelling in Shanghai, and decided to give the Plaza Singapura branch a try.	statement	db
There are some not too bad food items so I guess it all depends on what you order.	statement	db
I mean... the name... but when the Girlfriend and a pal suggested giving this place a go after dinner, I thought it was a perfect excuse.	statement	db
I have passed this place countless of times thinking it's a cafe serving desserts and green tea so I never really bothered popping by for dinner until last night when my friends cajoled me into eating there.	statement	db
It looks like the friend who had the Udon had already polished up her proteins so couldn't guess what she ordered.	statement	db
Overall,  Nana's Green Tea excels in what it specializes; and that is green tea drinks and desserts.	statement	db
Their Uji Premium Matcha has an adult taste suitable for those who wish to sip an authentic pot of bitter brew.	statement	db
And for those who can't resist having sweets to end their meal, the giant Parfaits here cannot be missed.	statement	db
Here is what is in a matcha anmitsu ($8.80) - matcha ice cream, red bean paste (chunky!	statement	db
I guess everyone knows what a cafe is in our modern era.	statement	db
The same can turn disastrous when the culinary artistry try to transform the old-school to something fashionable, in hope to woo the palate of many.	statement	db
It may be boring to some, but not when the new-age food starts to dribble its identity away with less remarkable in taste, to make matter worst.	statement	db
I am glad that I needn't wave for a menu as it was given to me when they walked me to the table.	statement	db
It arrived unsweetened, with a sugar stick to add, which was perfect for me - a control freak when comes to food.	statement	db
It comes with a taller glass when you ordered a cold, not giving the extra ml but to hold the ice cubes that made up the larger content now.	statement	db
So, this place is truly for the sweet-toothed but only those who are fans of the great antioxidant - Matcha.	statement	db
Minus one star bc service can be spotty, depends on who you get.	statement	db
But those who prefer their beef with a bit more bite would prolly prefer this.	statement	db
Only if... - running on a tight budget  - happen to be around the area - can't decide what to eat - not particular about standard ...then yes.	statement	db
This review is difficult because I ate a multi-course lunch for work and did not have the luxury of looking at the menu my host picked out; when I tried asking the waitresses repeatedly what food I was eating, they could state the dish names and mention it was cod or pork but unable to provide details.	statement	db
Food wise, I had what I think was a tofu with yuzu for starters and it was an interesting contrast for the taste buds.	statement	db
We also had pork shabu shabu that looked impressive when served but tasted rather bland.	statement	db
The ham and cheese sandwich set with kopi is what I come here for.	statement	db
Ample seating and most patrons move through pretty quickly unlike some other locations where seating is a rare commodity.	statement	db
I've no idea what Canele was thinking when they overhauled the menu.	statement	db
As per what I usually do, I would make a hole into the dome, allowing the pastry to fall in.	statement	db
Fished it all out and what was left was like a quarter bowl of chowder.	statement	db
Attempted further to break the pastry into the chowder - who knows, may absorb what is left and may make good the pastry.	statement	db
In any case, their happy hour (after 9pm) promotion stays where drinks and cakes are at half price!	statement	db
The scrumptious fried tofu with egg crust and tasty sweet dark sauce is a must for me when I dine at an Indonesian restaurant!	statement	db
Otherwise, you can almost forgive this place for not serving it after you've tried what they have to offer.	statement	db
The cheese tofu is normal, like what you will get elsewhere or from the supermarket where you can fry it yourself.	statement	db
Just be careful when you bite into it, so that the filling does not dribble down your chin.	statement	db
Or if I was a Japanese expat who hankered for home.	statement	db
It's a small, humble but polished restaurant that clearly knows what they're doing.	statement	db
So for those who don't really like ramen, you can still dine at Daikokuya!~  The interior looks very classic japanese style, with booths accomodating 4-6 pax.	statement	db
The only reason why I'd return to the glass house is probably because of its unbeatable ambience.	statement	db
It is a little pricey for local food, what with the other places we can go to, but they do have one stand out dish which was the fried mee siam with boston lobster.	statement	db
While it wasn't the best lobster dish I had, compared to what we had, it was good enough that I remembered it.	statement	db
So unless you're here for a staycation or have relatives who are visiting staying here, you probably don't want to take the effort to come here just to dine.	statement	db
The service is ok, the steak was the actually the worst I've had at a restaurant (I'd rather go to a chain like Outback), and price wise it is expensive for what you get.	statement	db
30 minutes later (yes, it took forever), what came to our table was this block of tough inedible meat.	statement	db
We complained to someone that wasn't our waiter who offered to get us a new steak but we opted not to, since it took them almost 30 minutes to even get that first one out.	statement	db
When we later brought it up to the guy who was our waiter, his explanation was that the sirloin would have cooked even more as time passed.	statement	db
yes that is true but it was actually tough when they first served it.	statement	db
Which is always good when you're slurping hot soup.	statement	db
This coming from a person who loves authentic Thai tom yam so bewarned.	statement	db
The table next to us had ordered before we seat down, and got the food way after we did, after a lot of complaining and asking what happened to their order...  Back to Miharu at the Gallery Hotel or to Ippudo the next time....	statement	db
The waiter cannot understand what I meant, but he just rudely corrects me saying that I was wrong.	statement	db
In fact, he didn't understand what I meant.	statement	db
Some of the staff leave you snide looks when asking for a plate, and the ramen served is far from what it looks like on the wall.	statement	db
gives you e strength to fight back when u r attacked by e 'zzz' monster.	statement	db
Do look through what crunch and fruits are available so as to not hog the line!	statement	db
5 people behind the counter and the staff who helped with my order was quite efficient.	statement	db
The customers in front of me were indecisive on what they wanted on their Sanum and due to that, our queue got slowed down.	statement	db
Llaollao is located opposite Toast Box, taking over the spot where Subway used to be, right by the sliding doors leading to the taxi stand.	statement	db
I finally know why there is always a long line at the Marina Square link outlet and probably at other outlets too.	statement	db
It's a white chocolate-based sauce with waffle bits and generous pieces of coconut, you HAVE TO try it at least once when you're there (unless you hate coconut).	statement	db
HOWEVER, it seems as though many others have realised this because when I walked past the store on a friday night, the queue was CRAZY and stretched all the way out of the mall into the road leading up to the carpark (a very hot and smelly wait).	statement	db
Starbucks is the place to go when one is attempting to write something, study for something or simply a place to chill and gossip with your friends.	statement	db
My 50th review: What I like about Cold Stone's ice cream is the different varieties of flavours which I quite enjoy from time to time.	statement	db
(So you don't look greedy ordering a LARGE ice cream)  What I received at the end was a partially melted and soggy concoction, a pale shadow of itself in the US.	statement	db
After queueing a good 15 minutes for ice-cream, I just want to sit down and enjoy it, not stand or walk around, waiting to get bumped and then drop that precious scoop (you've all scene the sad kidfaces when you drop food).	statement	db
this place is kinda cute - you pick a flavor (or a few) of ice cream, choose some toppings from their diabetically-inducing large spread of throw-ins, and then they smash everything up together on a cold stone (oh, hey, that's where it gets it's name) before smooshing the mess for your dining pleasure.	statement	db
for what it's worth, it sounds far more diabetic than it was - it's laudable how they actually managed to keep this mixture from being too cloying.	statement	db
I wasn't sure what they hype was with Cold Stone.	statement	db
You get a really nice and welcoming vibe right when you walk in.	statement	db
Just 2 weeks later and I'm back here at Milk Cow again having the hardest time of my life making a decision of what to get!	statement	db
Surprisingly there was not a queue and before coming here, I read about the review on Daniel's food blog to see what flavors they served here and decided to go for the snow drop (soft serve with jelly beans and cotton candy).	statement	db
There were also a section where you can take pictures with the props they provided.	statement	db
When you ordered your soft serve, the person in charged of the cashier will ask for your name so that they can call your name when it is ready.	statement	db
The artificial coloring melted on the soft serve and they did not produce the chewiness like what I thought it would.	statement	db
For my first visit, I had the soft serve with honeycomb- I don't know what possessed me to do that because the last time I'd tried honeycomb it was tasteless as a piece of wax and I didn't really like it.	statement	db
Probably the best soft serve in town, I'd go back to try it when I'm in the area!	statement	db
*Celeb alert: There is a waiter here who is an internet celebrity!	statement	db
The girls sitting two tables away from me ordered a dessert platter they wanted to share, only to find out that when it arrived the portions had magically shrunk compared to what was pictured in the menu...  A truly magical place I will stay away from in the future!	statement	db
you go up to the counter to rather confused staff who can't quite deal with the crowd, so it takes time to place an order, and more time for it to arrive at your table.	statement	db
stop by this cute little joint  and it was good, great tasting tea especially when it's cold.	statement	db
I don't drink much Starbucks when I'm in Singapore but this somewhat new location at the extended annex of Plaza Singapura is a rather spacious area opposite Tim Ho Wan.	statement	db
Prolly waited like 15 mins for it when they don't even have any other customers around to deal.	statement	db
Located at the belt of the Dhoby Xchange, it is at the place where you take the escalator exit from Dhoby Ghaut MRT station up to Cathay but don't go up all the way.	statement	db
MRT commuters who arrive from the basement can easily see the stall as it's located just near the entrance.	statement	db
The one located at Plaza Singapura is just near the entrance when you enter the mall via MRT.	statement	db
It still tastes the greatest when eaten this way!	statement	db
And it seems like there isn't many other bakeries here in Singapore who are able to make such crispy and sweet churros.	statement	db
Sour Cream & Onion is another gift as well with powdery and rich sour cream that will sure to please anyone who adores this classic flavour.	statement	db
This is the authentic wanton noodle store that used to be at Blk 7 where it was practically impossible to get a seat at.	statement	db
I googled the closest HSBC bank which brought me here, and what was intended as a quick pit stop turned into a casual evening walking around the mall.	statement	db
I do find the mall a bit too narrow and difficult to walk around in when it gets crowded so usually avoid it at weekends.	statement	db
The new expansion, where they are also doing some renovations, is more airy so can be better to stroll around in.	statement	db
- Some interesting shops  - Better than hanging out at Lucky Plaza or some other really totally old-school mall (relatively speaking)  The bad: - Food choices here are so-so - The mall, while not as ancient/gross as say Pearl Center in Chinatown or Far East Plaza, is still on the older side = narrow corridors, low ceilings, small retail spaces (this sucks when you're there on a weekend when it gets crowded)  I wouldn't say this is my go-to place unless I was a local again and actually wanted to shop at a place that wasn't full of luxury goods.	statement	db
Otherwise, sure why not - it's just another mall you can hang out it.	statement	db
Omg i remember the dingy place when I was a kid when my grandma would bring me to yaohan.	statement	db
I used to remember Plaza Sin for yaohan... And then it was spotlight, the scrapbook shop, Daiso, and the central stage where there is always some performance happening.	statement	db
Since Dhoby Ghaut interchange is just below, phone reception is also typically non-existent when it gets really crowded on weekends.	statement	db
I have friends who refer to this mall as ""Plaza Sing"", and I've started doing the same as well.	statement	db
It's a huge mall, and their new extension makes it slightly more complicated to navigate if you're newer to the island and unsure of what the mall looked like before renovations.	statement	db
From what I've seen, the shops are more mid-range, not so much high-end.	statement	db
The queue is madness, no matter what time you go.	statement	db
The cinema here used to be one of the places where I would catch a flick (before the days of The Grand Cathay's grand reopening), and the food court has the most spectacular Indonesian grilled food!	statement	db
It's the most connected MRT interchange for now, with North-South line, North-East line and Circle line connected to it, so when people can't decide where to meet up, I pick here because it's the easiest for me and most others!	statement	db
One of the malls that I got really familiar with in the past because I worked nearby, Plaza Singapura is more or less like any other mall but I am glad to know exactly where all the shops are.	statement	db
There is also the Carrefour supermarket where one can find quite a lot of variety of food.	statement	db
Being an MRT interchange where many lines converge, it's convenient for many to settle on Dhoby Ghaut or Plaza Singapura as a meeting point.	statement	db
You can tell who they are trying to cater to at each level.	statement	db
Really nice building where we spent some time waiting for our battle box tour.	statement	db
It's certainly a sign of getting old when things you used every days are now found as museum pieces.	statement	db
Ground floor is currently about the late Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew, who was instrumental in making Singapore what it is today.	statement	db
The lower floors are about Singapore's history: how the major ethnic groups (Chinese, Malays, Indians) came here, and what they did.	statement	db
The NSM's permanent exhibition was being revamped for the nation's 50th anniversary when I visited, but I can't imagine I would have enjoyed it more than the ""Singapura: 700 Years"" which very thoughtfully presents Singapore's lengthy history of human habitation.	statement	db
I kind of walked around the empty spaces wondering where the ""museum"" part was until I found the main entrance, but once I was inside, I found the NMS the most well-curated museum I've ever been to...  You enter the main exhibit and galleries via a cylindrical building and go through a movie...which was the most unnecessary part of this whole experience, since it was just a gathering point.	statement	db
That is untenable, which is why the handheld device is so invaluable and makes the experience much better.	statement	db
And the audioguide is great for visitors, because I saw one guide in Japanese, and that would not have been a language on any of the walls, but now those visitors can understand what the museum is showing them.	statement	db
The price of entry is SGD$11, and I got in free with a student ID, and the audioguide is free for everyone -- and that stands in contrast to price-gouging at poorly-kept European museums where entry and audioguide are easily 25euros and there's not nearly as much information and ease-of-use as here.	statement	db
Definitely a place to visit once in a while, and to introduce to your overseas friends when they come by Singapore for a visit!	statement	db
- My friend had it (no pearls - why why why).	statement	db
Each time I'm faced with a not inconsiderable wait, so make sure you're aware of this even when there isn't a queue.	statement	db
As a person who likes to drink a lot, I am also happy that they have a soda fountain so you don't need to worry about flagging down the staff when your glass is empty.	statement	db
We were under the impression that we had 90 mins for the lunch buffet and the guy who seated us didn't mention it either.	statement	db
Not for those who like to eat slowly and enjoy their food.	statement	db
You get 70 minutes to dine and they will come round with a slip of paper indicating what time you need to end your meal about 30 minutes before that.	statement	db
For the meat, you just tell the server what you wish to have (regular beef, pork and chicken).	statement	db
The Queue: When we arrived (around 6:30), there was no queue to get into the restaurant.	statement	db
The broth ended up being quite salty - so when getting our bowl topped up, we asked that they fill it with water, rather than additional broth - to dilute the saltiness.	statement	db
Extremely quiet place on a Monday, just what we are looking for a girlfriends meetup.	statement	db
Don't forget to ask for some water with lemon when you eat here.	statement	db
My impression was that it is a cool bar that does drinks and the usual bar grub and hence it piqued my curiosity when i was invited to brunch by the nice folks at District 10.	statement	db
I loved the subs here when it first opened.	statement	db
The range of drinks, wines and saki is very expensive so be prepared if that's what you're in the mood for.	statement	db
We liked the En restaurant at Bukit Timah so we decided to try their sister restaurant when we saw their offer on Groupon.	statement	db
But when we wanted to add some dessert, we were told that we can no longer use another groupon, because she has already scanned.	statement	db
You may want to drop by for dinner before 8pm cuz that's when the 50% discount applies to the sushi & etc.	statement	db
That's what I was told by a foodie friend of mine and En has plenty of that.	statement	db
One of the reasons why I keep going back is for the quality of the food and the seasonal offerings that they'll have almost every other week.	statement	db
The name 'Dulcet' means sweet to the taste, while 'Studio' is the other part of the café where customers can sign up for cooking classes.	statement	db
The burger just so tasty and juicy, cooked just right when you bite, it just melt in mouth:P  Highly re-commanded for those who crave a good burger in Singapore!	statement	db
They seasoned the fries and burger nicely, but the patty was under cooked, the meat you could tell was too moist when it was on the fire or prepped causing it to be mushy, and the excess moisture that was held in the patty squeezed out as you ate it making it a slippery mess.	statement	db
Their jook was not scalding hot or even cooked enough where the grains disappear hence what porridge is all about.	statement	db
Even my dad who doesn't like cold food commented that it was good.	statement	db
Teochew porridge was a common food to have at home when I was young.	statement	db
Located in middle of a row of shophouses, next UE Square, there is this restaurant who offers this traditional comfort food till late at night.	statement	db
Never thought of that when having porridge at home.	statement	db
Teochew Fried Crab Balls 潮州炸蟹枣（3粒）($9.80/ 3 pieces) It does not look like balls when served.	statement	db
I don't know why they have buttons to remotely call servers on the outside tables because I pressed it at least twice and just ended up walking into the restaurant to flag someone down after no one came for a while.	statement	db
In Japan, the menu indicates calories which can be useful for the health conscious but boo-boo for those who prefer to escape from reality and enjoy the food.	statement	db
So this is really a BOMB!The ebi katsu set ($19/$14.50 ala carte) served with choice of white/multi-grain rice is also very tasty and now I know why it is a perennial favourite of my friend.	statement	db
Service can be spotty - though I understand it is hard to provide excellent attentive service when a restaurant is super crowded.	statement	db
There were cubes of apples wrapped around in cinnamon sauce, similar to what you find in a McDonald's apple pie on the inside of the muffin.	statement	db
Tastes legit 3) Swiss chicken wing - who can resist sweet soy sauce wings 4) French toast	statement	db
I had visited Central many times when it was at Ngee Ann City and then twice when it was at 313.	statement	db
But as a Cantonese, I guess I am qualified to judge a cantonese dish and I do know what to order.	statement	db
That is, however, quite far, and when you get there it is also quite expensive.	statement	db
So delighted that it has become our to-go for a quick takeaway when we are lazy.	statement	db
To be honest, I am actually excited to see what this mall has to offer since coming back from Brisbane but maybe, just slightly disappointed with the array of shops and restaurants here.	statement	db
Oh well...   First time here and not knowing what to order, my friend and I opted for the set lunch for 2 for $40.	statement	db
During summer or even late spring, it is common for ramen-ya in Japan to churn out cold noodles in a bid to draw customers who are sweating profusely under hot temperatures of 36-37 degrees.	statement	db
That's what I call attention to details, for not every matchmaking session between the noodles and the broth turn out well.	statement	db
Offering a pretty wide range of board games, and decently prized package deals that offer a few hours of board game play and some food, it is a great chill out spot where you can make as much noise as you like without anyone batting an eyelid.	statement	db
Laid out where groups can easily gather around a coffee table in vibrant coloured furniture, its perfect for chit-chatting while eating and playing in a group.	statement	db
I didn't notice it until my second visit when I saw it on the menu and on my receipt.	statement	db
The had a $10 menu that we ordered from and then when we got the bill they charged us regular price.	statement	db
Then when you refuse the items they leave them on your bill as to see if youll notice.	statement	db
Sweeter than usual, the Green Chicken Curry would not cater to those who do not appreciate sweet savory food.	statement	db
One tip for those who wish to patronize Suanthai - make sure you call to make a reservation because it does get especially crowded during mealtimes.	statement	db
Viva Mexico (and Subway, I guess), tell me who your distributor is, por favor!	statement	db
For those who really crave Mexican food, visit Siem Reap, Cambodia.	statement	db
But I am not in California and I have to adjust my expectations to where I'm at.	statement	db
While they have some moles, from what I saw of their menu, it is mostly Tex-Mex.	statement	db
In almost every way, this is exactly what Viva Mexico is.	statement	db
This even included a moment where the power went out.	statement	db
I love food where you get to do a little bit of combining and playing while eating.	statement	db
I have to agree with J N, I'm really struggling to understand why this restaurant has received such great reviews.	statement	db
I'm not sure why others have rated this place so highly, but it just doesn't live up to 4 stars it was given.	statement	db
Service can get a little slow from time to time when there are large crowds but compared to other outlets, getting a seat happens almost immediately.	statement	db
The second floor is more compact and better suited to smaller groups who prefer privacy.	statement	db
This is the FIRST time I have ever had omakase and had no idea what I am eating.	statement	db
She was cordial and actually informed me about what I was eating.	statement	db
Personally I always eye the counter when I expect a Omakase experience, I think I've been conditioned to expect the counter experience to be more personalable.	statement	db
They also didn't bother to explain what fish was on the sushi, so I can't tell you much about it.	statement	db
All I can say is that I've had good experiences when I've eaten here, both in terms of service and food.	statement	db
It makes for hard decision making, especially when you're hungry.	statement	db
The space is nice, and the menu and concept are lovely, like the one in Tiong Bahru, BUT, at this location when you get a bottle of wine you must pay a $20 'corkage' fee to drink it at the restaurant.	statement	db
The whole concept is semi self service, so you order at a counter, you pick our your own bottle, and they bring it to your table when it's ready.	statement	db
But Korean food lovers who are more adventurous may like their food here!	statement	db
I'm not a big fan of triple 1 but i will definitely find time to explore this place who knows i might find a gem there.	statement	db
Idk what flour they used but even after my tempura had been sitting for quite some time, it was still very crunchy.	statement	db
The waiter was also very responsive when it came to refilling my tea.	statement	db
I used to dine here once in a while, but now make a conscious effort to go elsewhere when I'm craving Japanese buffet.	statement	db
That's what I would use to describe this place.	statement	db
So we were pleasantly surprised when it arrived within 20 minutes.	statement	db
You have to visit Orchard Central to understand what I'm talking about.	statement	db
Food quality is typical of slightly upmarket chinese   There were delays when we decided to order additional dishes.	statement	db
Left my contact and was told they would call when the table is ready.	statement	db
I do understand that maybe the wait staff is located a different area of the restaurant to look after, thus maybe that's why she didn't take our drink order.	statement	db
However, a thing to note: DRINKS are NOT include in the buffet so please be mindful when ordering drinks.	statement	db
Although these rooms provide the privacy needed, service tends to be inefficient since you are only attended to as and when the waitresses pass by.	statement	db
We were served three chairs and only one miserable table to share when their area aint even crowded at all.	statement	db
Service was quick for food and drinks and the tapas was what you'd expect for $5!	statement	db
4 stars if you are wise with what you pick, 2 stars if you are not.	statement	db
Squid Ink Lobster Burger ($25.90++) aburi lobster chunks, squid ink mentai mayo, nacho sauce, and tobiko on a charcoal bun It was a huge black mess when served.	statement	db
Great selection of wine by bottle, wide variety, it was easy to find what I liked.	statement	db
Service was excellent, she was attentive, served next food just when we were finishing one, kept coming back to pour more wine, changed a plate for each dish served.	statement	db
I found me 3 girlfriends who share the same passion for steamed dumplings and we've been on a mission since.	statement	db
I don't get a lot of things about this place, like why people eat little tortillas with only a piece of duck skin inside.	statement	db
I remember eating at this restaurant many years ago when it was still on the fifth floor.	statement	db
We also got a bowl of the radish soup thinking it was kimchi radish soup (that's what the picture looked like), but it was some Chinese style radish soup.	statement	db
The floor was really greasy and slippery though, so be sure to watch your step when you go there!	statement	db
Unlike most bars who taste like they're serving lychee syrup, you could taste the alcohol in the drink and it was nice that they gave 2 lychees instead of 1.	statement	db
We were presented with a dish where the ice had almost melted and the oysters themselves were not too fresh to me.	statement	db
I ordered so much that I don't remember what I had, but I do remember everything being pretty yummy.	statement	db
I was expecting a diluted drink since it was happy hour but what I got was the complete opposite.	statement	db
A friend who uses Tanuki as his Friday happy hour regular took me there one Friday recently.	statement	db
Note that in the evening, when the birds return home, you will need to outdo the hundreds of birds chirping if you choose to sit outdoors.	statement	db
Once when my american professor was visiting Singapore and we held gathering for him and another at Yelp's Elite event.	statement	db
I couldn't really tell all these ingredients apart when I want munching on them but it tasted pretty ok. Not as weird as my brain would have anticipated.	statement	db
Although beware of Singapore's unforgiving humidity when deciding between outdoor or indoor seating.	statement	db
The kicker was when my food finally arrived, it was cold.	statement	db
So when I heard about Tanuki Raw, it sounded like a great addition to the Orchard bar scene - fresh, Japanese-inspired seafood and strong drinks at affordable prices.	statement	db
That's quite a feat considering there's a gentleman's pour in there (that's +1pt in my book of awesome bartenders who know what some women really want).	statement	db
I need to come back for Happy Hour(s) [5-8pm daily], when they serve $1 oysters and cocktails at $11!	statement	db
The waitstaff were quick to replace it with a fresh one when I pointed it out to them.	statement	db
The service is great, I was particularly impressed by our server who was especially attentive.	statement	db
Try to grab a seat outside: you get a great view of orchard road and it's lovely when its breezy.	statement	db
For $20, the salmon mentaiko don was also overpriced and I would just be sticking to the drinks and happy hour deals when I next return.	statement	db
I don't know what the other reviewers were thinking.	statement	db
The friend who got the gin based vinegar cocktail was happy with hers.	statement	db
Food portions appear small, almost snack size, and even smaller than what you'd get in a regular foodcourt.	statement	db
pretty good cantonese dimsum at the cathay, and a good choice for fine-chinese-dining where there aren't many options in this category.	statement	db
I've been here twice now, so it's definitely good enough to warrant a return visit, but I must say that the paradise chain does it much better for me (and with varying price points to suit your different moods as well, such a good thing) - the food here is pretty decent, though service can be very harried - they never really seem to have enough staff, though when they are tending to you they do a pretty good job.	statement	db
the only windows here are on a rather dim side of the building, which means that even during the day time, most of the light isn't really streaming from outside and can feel a little claustrophobic, especially when it's packed to the rafters.	statement	db
If you're the sort who believes that heaven will strike thunder and lightning on you if you're not filial enough to bring your parents to Chinese restaurants for meals, here's a good recommendation for you.	statement	db
My friend was craving for Bak Chor Mee when we stepped into Central, and Hill City Café seemed to offer the closest thing to it.	statement	db
My dad used to make this for me when I was younger, so it was a sweet blast to the past for me!	statement	db
I like these type of desserts so I liked what we ordered generally.	statement	db
Many of my mommy friends have suggested to boycott this place after hearing what happened to us the other day.	statement	db
We have a 2-year old who is generally not allowed to eat sweet desserts.	statement	db
So when my husband and I sat down at this restaurant to order food and dessert for ourselves, we took out some toddler food for our son so he could also enjoy a snack with us.	statement	db
My friend ordered mocca flavour, and to my surprised, it was way better than what i expected from it.	statement	db
I asked the waitress what the catch of the day was.	statement	db
no need to flag down a waitress who, by the way, did not lose her job as a result of this but instead can better focus on regularly topping up your tea, bringing you your food promptly and clearing and changing the plates as and when required.	statement	db
I will likely go back when I want some aburi foie gras sushi or uni in chirashi.	statement	db
One of them even said he would rather return to Sushi Tei, where their broth had more flavour.	statement	db
Although what intrigued me was their 'Bombay Fish & Chips'.	statement	db
In general the food is nothing to get excited about but as a snack when having a drink they are perfectly fine.	statement	db
Found it quite difficult to get the attention of waiters but they were helpful and polite when they finally came to our table.	statement	db
The time is 2.15am on a Saturday night and we have just been ejected from The Chamber nearby where we were watching a big football match.	statement	db
Well I lie actually, the true best part was when my team (Arsenal) won 2-0.	statement	db
The service was mostly bad: when we ordered, the waiter offered some useful information, but was otherwise entirely inattentive.	statement	db
The manager conveniently asked me to place the steak onto the side plate where I had the bread.	statement	db
We did not want to be jammed into a corner already stuffed with guests when the rest of the dining room sat empty.	statement	db
It's always very underwhelming when a cafe puts too much emphasis on presentation and sacrifices taste.	statement	db
This would be a good place to bring a date who is not a foodie, but very into cute places and trends.	statement	db
I had a beer else where and decided to make my way back after 6pm when it was opened for a quick and small bite to eat and ordered a bottle of sake.	statement	db
I noticed that all the service staff are really japanese and asked to recommend me a sake which is on the sweeter side, as thats what I prefer in my sake.	statement	db
Service was excellent as the waitress could elaborate on the type of dishes when we placed our orders.	statement	db
They sell everything including awesome japanese snacks and even korean and taiwanese snacks :) Best part is visiting Meidi-ya after 7pm when they start to throw discounted price tags on their bento/ready to eat meals.	statement	db
Hmmm what else.	statement	db
This one time, at band ca- -   what I meant was, we found this seasonal fruit jelly, that was THE BOMB.	statement	db
I like it because it has a nice sushi bento section where I can get sashimi, kinugoshi tofu, tako and a wide selection of roe!	statement	db
This is where I stock up for the week.	statement	db
The supermarket with a TV area where kids can sit on a square mat and watch animations, how KAWAII!	statement	db
Generally the prices are not cheap, especially for fruits (imported), buy what you really want, if not, browsing is just as satisfying.	statement	db
at times they'd sell US peaches/nectarine for less than what they'd charge at cold storage.	statement	db
I will admit, after visiting Japan, I'm not anywhere near as impressed of this place than when I first visited, though for a Japanese supermarket in Singapore, it does have a very good set up.	statement	db
They might be the only people who make their own soy milk and tofu for sale (towards the back of the store).	statement	db
I can see why some reviewers didn't like it.	statement	db
There's a ""law"" when it comes to Japanese ramen.	statement	db
A curler noodle is used when the stock is light, allowing the noodles the trap the soup while eating.	statement	db
A non-curly noodle is used when the broth is thick and rich, allowing it to just coat the noodles and not overpower your taste buds while you eat.	statement	db
The ramen was watery, flavorless and pricey for what it was.	statement	db
Imagine my pleasant surprise when it's closing time, and my sad puppy eyes yield the last scoops of gelato for the day.	statement	db
All in all, a great place for family dinner, when I say family.	statement	db
If you're looking for a good plate of wanton noodle, I'd advise you to keep walking, head across the road to Queen St to the block of flats where QS269 is located and find Rong Kee.	statement	db
I think what has changed is their gravy/sauce.	statement	db
My uncle is obsessed with this restaurant, but being the good Chinese girl that I am, I don't complain when he takes me here.	statement	db
I don't know if it's because I'm always hungry  when I first sit down or if I just come too often, but the peanuts and pickled veggies that you get before your meal are so wonderful and addicting!!	statement	db
The ambience is usually noisy, with stall owners shouting orders over the tables, and it is not recommended for people who desire a quiet meal.	statement	db
Sadly, I can't remember the names of anything we tried; I just know that it was awesome, and, in keeping with Indian tradition, none of what we ate contained any meat.	statement	db
Only when I came back then I realized that this was the same outlet I saw in Tokyo.	statement	db
The butter chicken could do better, what with the meager portion of chicken.	statement	db
Both times I ordered the brown rice which felt very dry, grainy and reminiscent of the time I long for loose, dry rice when I was sick.	statement	db
I felt like I was the the strange person in the situation who had made a mistake rather than vice versa.	statement	db
That's why I am giving one star.	statement	db
Paying only with the manager who don't have any idea about nothing!	statement	db
There is a novelty to a store that sells only pancakes in its menu and I guess that's why people are attracted to the hype.	statement	db
There is not much to believe in the hype when you taste the food.	statement	db
This place caters more to people who would just like to catch up with their friends instead of dates( unless you take the window seat and you go really early).	statement	db
A chocoholic like me can only clap my hands with glee when it was served.	statement	db
If you ask me why I didn't rate this higher, it's because the location is pretty out of the way and the service was kind of terrible.. took us quite a while to order our meals and to get our food served.. and it wasn't peak period to boot!	statement	db
Learned the hard way: plan to eat here AFTERNOON more like 12:30 when they are ready to serve full menu, sweet and savory dishes and drinks are avail.	statement	db
I'm guessing novelty pancakes are a thing no matter where you go.	statement	db
Discovered Strictly Pancakes one morning (when kaya toast just wasn't cutting it) searching the interwebs for a reasonable brunch dive where I could throw down on some flapjacks.	statement	db
We hopped over on the Circle line to Bras Basah MRT and walked our way up Princep where we found it--damn near hidden in a cute little complex of other restaurants and shops.	statement	db
Cold and aloof (and this is coming from a pretty cold and aloof person) the staff sometimes seemed to not know what was going on or wasn't able to understand what their patrons wanted.	statement	db
For the casual dinner who has the sudden craving for pancakes and are lazy to make their own, or if you're past McD's breakfast timings, then you're in luck.	statement	db
Also, if you're seated on the outside of the premises where the trees are, a word of caution - there be cockroaches afoot.	statement	db
Had the Savoury Pancakes-Salmon Run($14++) and would recommend it to those who do not want too sweet pancakes, and enjoy salmon from time to time.	statement	db
An excellent bakery where everything is freshly made.	statement	db
So you may find yourself unable to find what you're looking for and come back in an hour.	statement	db
Also only place in Singapore that I know where you can hear Brassens and valse musette	statement	db
Well, I had a pleasant experience with the staff, who were really attentive (they also won't judge you if you decided to eat by your lonesome self).	statement	db
Can't see what the hype's all about.	statement	db
But we were grateful that our bland tasting gyozas were perfectly pan fried coz when we looked to our left and right, our neighbours' gyozas were served burnt.	statement	db
Just A-Ok.   To be honest, I don't know what Pompompurin is until a friend suggested we check this cafe located on the 4th floor of Orchard Central.	statement	db
At random times, all of them are no where to be found, perhaps all of them are in the kitchen.	statement	db
Whenever I am around Cineleisure and I am feeling peckish, Best Fries Forever will usually be the place where you will find me satisfying my hunger.	statement	db
It's definitely the place to go if you are looking for a quick bite when you are feeling peckish in the afternoon or if you want, order the large and have it for a 'full' meal.	statement	db
They were quite oily, even for fries and the taste was not exactly what I was expecting or hoping for.	statement	db
I only learned of its existence after my colleagues brought me there when I started working in the Orchard area.	statement	db
Other dishes are much smaller than what the pictures shows, especially their veggie dish, it looks more like a personal size one.	statement	db
They charge for napkins and peanuts which they put on your table once you arrived, who does that!	statement	db
I remember having the bamboo clams, chilli crab, spicy seafood platter and some other dishes I can't quite recall at East Coast a couple of years ago and not being very impressed or satisfied, which was prolly why I never quite revisited, especially it being all the way on the other side of Singapore.	statement	db
However, when a friend visiting from HK expressed a craving for black pepper crabs, I did a quick HGW search on the nearby seafood places upon which Long Beach and Jumbo at Dempsey and the recently opened Red House at Quayside popped up.	statement	db
The waitress taking our order was speaking into her headset while setting our table and completely ignoring us when we were speaking to her.	statement	db
The price of $26 SGD before taxes seemed steep for what the offered.	statement	db
cooked when you order, and of a slightly wet consistency, the rice grains are soft but separate, and the cream is rich without overpowering you with too-much dairyness.	statement	db
The Square is another Christmas option for those who are inclined towards local delights and those who are getting bored of all the turkey and trimmings.	statement	db
Felt that the duty manager was rude and a bit arrogant when I asked for a menu and he snobbishly answered ""要等满久啊"" (It'll be a long wait).	statement	db
And for those who do not like Herbal Soup, don't worry, the soup isn't over powering with herbal taste (though we've yet to try the rest).	statement	db
Overall, the prices here are definitely steeper than what you'll get in Malaysia (duh) but it was worth it!	statement	db
It has never been very busy when I have been here so have always been able to get a seat without reservations.	statement	db
I got to try the Sweet Monster for the first time this week when they were having their 1 for 1 promotion (until end March 2016).	statement	db
This in particular, is what polarizes opinions.	statement	db
It would be a pity not to try the deep-fried scallops (2 for $12), especially when they are at their freshest and best condition this time of the year.	statement	db
The Hotate Feast is a new seasonal promotion that runs till end Oct.  Good to know: there are also Grilled Chicken Set ($18) and Grilled Salmon Set ($21) for those who prefer non-fried food.	statement	db
But what surprises me is that there is also radish and even curry sauces, which I view as privileges that one can't get in Japan--it is usually katsu with one and only one type of dressing.	statement	db
It's very apt that this stall is named as such because this is exactly where I go everytime my tummy is rumbling and my movie starts in fifteen minutes.	statement	db
It does a good job in looking welcoming, and because it's essentially a really simple shoppe it does not feel intimidating to be in there, when it might seem that way in many other shops selling similar items.	statement	db
It was so hard for him to eat it, so much that his pain tugged at my heart strings to the point where I let him share some of my lunch set.	statement	db
Passed by this relatively new halal cafe when it first opened and the menu caught my eye: under noodles it had an option ""Cockles"".	statement	db
This is now a favourite with my group of friends who need a halal place to go.	statement	db
Located on the outside of Sim Lim square facing across Rochor Road at the first level, this little Noodle cafe is worth trying when you want to take a break from braving the hard sell shenanigans at Sim Lim Square.	statement	db
Many families come here, so it can get noisy when there are lots of kids around.	statement	db
I was first introduced to cold rock when I was in melbourne and it soon became my favourite ice-cream parlour there.	statement	db
So when it first opened in Singapore at Holland Village, I was really excited!	statement	db
Unfortunately, the staff here seem pretty impatient at times, especially when I'm sampling different flavours and that is quite a turn-off.	statement	db
Much like what others said, we do need to catch the attention of the waiters despite the fact the waiter was like right across us.	statement	db
They have an electronic queue system at the hostess stand that is user-friendly and you will get a text or call when your table is ready if they have a wait.	statement	db
I've found you have to grab the employees attention when you are notified your table is ready.	statement	db
I enjoyed the automated queue system which notifies you by a phone call when your table is ready.	statement	db
It is in one of the most busy areas in orchard, and probably that's why there is such a wait even after lunch hours!	statement	db
Our hangry level spiked again when we saw a table that ordered after us being served their mains!	statement	db
So watch what you eat when eating here.	statement	db
the prices aren't cheap, especially if you do dine-in and they deign to scoop a bit of ice cream over your sliced cake, but they make good puddin' consistently - and that's merit enough: it's frustrating when you make up your mind to forego tight bottoms and then be disappointed by dessert.	statement	db
A little more on the service - the manager who seated us was chatty and friendly, and gave us spectacular service.	statement	db
He gave us a corner booth when I went there with my date for privacy, haha, and waited on us like it was a 5-star restaurant.	statement	db
I mean, food tastes good, but is far away from spectacular, and that's when Epicurious starts losing points.	statement	db
I asked why and he couldn't answer.	statement	db
What takes the cake is that the food was undercooked when it came and they gave me attitude when I highlighted it to them.	statement	db
My sister insisted that we had been to the cafe when we were much younger, which explains the feeling of familiarity as we walked into the cafe.	statement	db
It is a good and relatively cheap place to go to for food, especially late at night when it is difficult to find a proper hearty meal but I probably won't be back anytime that soon.	statement	db
Went there after reading a review on another website saying that the burgers were great.... What a disappointment to be served these horrible burgers.	statement	db
This is where people who cannot tahan the queues for the Japanese restaurants in The Central mall end up.	statement	db
Besides they don't tell you what is the food about.	statement	db
It was full glass window where one can have a good view of outside.	statement	db
He decided on what was fresh and what was the chef's best dishes.	statement	db
I expected bland, tasteless food, like some cafes where the cooks are really not competent.	statement	db
It would be even better (maybe 3 stars) if they served iced water...it's seriously not hard to serve tap water, especially when they have waiters milling about idly, and patrons are paying pretty well for their meals.	statement	db
And the manager who was tending the place was put in charge of the tea and beverages; he seemed unaware of the situation his staff were in.	statement	db
*Also noticed that the family beside us who came earlier hadn't even gotten their mains when ours arrived.	statement	db
A place where you can get your stomach fix.	statement	db
The flour fritters, when freshly made are crunchy, slightly savoury and compliments a cup of warm soy milk perfectly.	statement	db
I love the warm beancurd dessert, topped with a little soy milk - I had it this way when I was growing up, and there's that comfort factor to it.	statement	db
But upstairs is really crammed and when its crowded (as it always is) it gets really noisy (also because people like to come here in large groups).	statement	db
OMNOMNOM  Ambiance: When we say outdoor, we really mean alley.	statement	db
This stuff was what I grew up on.	statement	db
My parents would drive here in the middle of the night when the kids (ahem, us precious ones) got 'hungry'.	statement	db
If you're in town and in the mood for some good tau huay, this is where you should be heading to!	statement	db
Other than the outdoor seats, they also have an air-conditioned second floor where you can enjoy the delectable dessert in better comfort.	statement	db
This place is my ""go to"" when I'm in the Bugis area and crave steak.	statement	db
Well unless you're one of the privileged 15 pax who has snagged a seat around the open industrial bar.	statement	db
Then, you would be able to dine on the exquisite seasonal French omakase that also changes daily, depending on what is fresh.	statement	db
That was when the umami was enhanced and it tasted like seaweed.	statement	db
The Japanese are really good at what they do, regardless of the cuisine.	statement	db
Although they look like prawns or shrimp, they're shells are very similar to sea mantis where you'll need a pair of scissors to cut the underbelly to get the meat out.	statement	db
The soup tasted nothing like what a kimchi soup should be.	statement	db
Unsure but for those who haven't, it's worth a try, before the gimmick runs out.	statement	db
Stumbled on this new eatery by accident when I popped by Centrepoint via the underpass from Somerset 313.	statement	db
Opened by the Fei Siong group of companies, who for the longest time specialized in Fishball Noodles, Royal London Duck is located in the prestigious, upmarket, Mandarin Gallery.	statement	db
We were initially disappointed with the lack of sauce but once tasting it, we knew why they gave significantly less as it would have overpowered the dish.	statement	db
However, when she came to refill my tea, it was piping hot.	statement	db
When our duck rice came, they brought 2 plates when I had ordered one.	statement	db
However, from the corner of my eye, that same, I could feel that same ""friendly"" senior waiter who took our order, staring at me from across the restaurant.	statement	db
After that incident with us, another table had gotten an order wrong and as the waitress was taking the dish back, he started berating her in Mandarin, saying things like ""I don't know what to do with you people anymore.	statement	db
Overall, service was attentive (though it was quiet when we went), and it was $32 for 2 of us, but I would stick to LFD in Scott's - especially now that the hype queues have died down.	statement	db
Be careful where you sit if you want to see the show and dancing.	statement	db
Then again, we sat outside so maybe thats why the audio wasnt good.	statement	db
Time and time again I have been served by black-faced waitresses who toss menus at me and seem to have an attitude if I dare ask a question about the menu.	statement	db
Also, Clarke Quay is not always the most conducive place for a casual night-out, what with the hoards of bar-hoppers brushing against your table as they move along to the next stop, and the loud music coming from the surrounding nightspots.	statement	db
So sometimes, when I'm bored, and it's late on a weekend, and all the usual options just seem too much trouble...	statement	db
Service was friendly and very brisk, you don't have to really wait long for your drinks to arrive, even when there's a large crowd.	statement	db
You order and pay at the counter and then pick a table inside the store where you can eye all the products on sale or you can sit outside in the courtyard.	statement	db
Ginger & Scallion Chicken Rice - My food was very hot when I picked it up.	statement	db
Having operated this business for 3 years already, this shop often sees regulars who are working in the area.	statement	db
They never seem to have large pearls (which is what I prefer drinking) and so I have to make do with mini pearls which aren't really nice.	statement	db
They stay open past midnight on weekends, which is what I like, and also you get to sit down.	statement	db
Black is an average cafe but I would go back to when I want to sit down at somewhere quiet, without the noisy kids, and do my work.	statement	db
Vivo's a pretty spacious establishment as compared to the other basement shops, and that perhaps explains why it always looks a bit forlorn.	statement	db
I don't know what Hawaiian food is, but at this Maison we tried their burgers, salads, and soup.	statement	db
My memories of Shakey's Pizza are from Bakersfield, California - the pizza parlor with red plastic cups, carpeting, a karaoke machine where I sang Like A Virgin in high school in my basketball uniform after one of our games with my teammates, a pool table and darts.	statement	db
The service staff seemed to be everywhere but available and were rather snappy when we asked them about our order.	statement	db
Good for people who are easily bored.	statement	db
My friend enjoyed her meal, she said it tasted different than what she expected but thought it tasted very good, she enjoyed her drink as well.	statement	db
And she didn't apologise, didn't give any sign that she knew what to do.	statement	db
I have no idea what sort of establishment the owners of this restaurant think they're running but it's certainly not the sort of place I would come back to.	statement	db
The yam flavour from the Yam Milk Shake was very distinctive and a mixture with the yam ice-cream is a very fulfilling experience especially for people who like yam (like X and me).	statement	db
I wondered if it is because of the popular Shanghai Hairy crab that explains why Nanxiang uses crab roe in many dishes such as The Stir fried Crab Roe Green Bean Noodle ($12.80) and the Crab Roe Mee Sua ($12.80).	statement	db
Must return when I'm hungry to get the full experience.	statement	db
2 stars for the friendly staff who were good.	statement	db
This review is from a long while back when I dined as a group of 3.	statement	db
There are plenty of non sushi dishes too, if you have friends in the group who do not eat sushi.	statement	db
The last time I stepped foot in it was probably last year and what I had was average.	statement	db
So it took me by surprise that what I ordered recently were actually pretty good.	statement	db
But I do come back very often when I want Wakame Salad with sesame dressing.	statement	db
Blame it on the Charles Xavier inside my head who can't resist their sesame dressing.	statement	db
It is unlike other waffles where everything goes drippy drip and all you have on the other end of the fork is a gooey mash (not that it's a bad thing though).	statement	db
Just when I thought it was only a pretty thing till I had a bite, and was surprised by the crunch of crispy deep-fried breaded sashimi-grade prawns on the inside.	statement	db
The outlet I usually patronize is the one at Paragon and I always specifically request for the window seats, and my, what a view.	statement	db
However, the main reason why I always come back is because they have a very good range of Japanese food, each type of which they make really well, so whenever I go there I am never pressured to pick their sushi because it is their speciality.	statement	db
It's the place me and my friends go to when we're craving Japanese food and don't feel like breaking the bank to do it.	statement	db
It's clear why so many people go and why the line tends to be long.	statement	db
Sushi Tei, one of my first few experiences with Japanese food in Singapore when I was much younger.	statement	db
Although that is not what I look forward to so much these days, it does bring back fond memories.	statement	db
Garbage service to go with mediocre food, got all 3 of our orders wrong, staff didn't know what they were doing.	statement	db
The food and drinks are ridiculously overpriced for what you get.	statement	db
I'm pretty sure she wouldn't have been served at all if she hadn't flagged down a waiter to ask where her entree was.	statement	db
Remember to ask for a table by the window, where one will have great view of orchard road outside.	statement	db
By the way both ginseng and Mala used the same soup base when refilling.	statement	db
The food: the previous reviewer did a good job of describing what is available, so getting to it- we had the ginseng and collagen soup base.	statement	db
It reminded me of a time when I was a teenager coming to such places with my friends, a treat of a relatively affordable buffet, and we didn't mind the quality of the food as long as it was decent.	statement	db
With a few certificates hanging around the store, I'd expected a lot more from this shop than what I got.	statement	db
Think of sushi served as a fast food, and you get an idea of what Umisushi is all about.	statement	db
This gives you a lot more choices, and there's really no reason why you should pick Umisushi over other stalls, unless you really really want sushi.	statement	db
For the atmosphere and the entertainment, I don't actually mind the higher prices and would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a drinking spot.	statement	db
This place is separated into 3 different areas, the outdoor which is the smoking area, the dart and TV zone, where you can play darts at $1 or watch soccer match.	statement	db
The last area is the karaoke area where you can actually eat and sing as much as you like.	statement	db
If you know what to expect, this is a good place to pop by for quick cheap eats.	statement	db
We were just checking out the various Japanese restaurants in Cuppage Plaza when one of the staff came out and started recommending the dishes.	statement	db
Not sure why this place is so empty, only two solo diners sitting by the bar while we were there, but it's worth a shot if you're looking for a Japanesey experience that far surpasses the Sushi Teis and Warakus of the world.	statement	db
Other than that, choose from a variety of yakitori (there is a grill counter in the corner of the restaurant where the chef prepares the grilled items), sashimi, tempura and cooked items.	statement	db
If not, simply tell the servers what you feel like having and have them recommend.	statement	db
I'm a visual person so i really need pictures to help me decide what to eat.	statement	db
You have these really rude aunties who are very impatient and you get the impression that they want you out of the restaurant asap.	statement	db
Everyone flocks here for Japanese food, and so as my father who is as Japanese as it is possible for a Chinese recommended this place to me when I wanted to have a dinner for my friends.	statement	db
Agemono, yakimono, bento and donburi, you have to pick and choose right according to what to eat THE MOST, because there's just too many to choose from.	statement	db
The stainless steel pot looks like a dust pan (Chiritori in Japanese), that's why it is named Chiritori Hot Pot.	statement	db
But all turns out fine when a more senior staff takes over the billing.	statement	db
This was where my colleagues and I would hang out if we wanted a good lunch.	statement	db
This is a good change for those who loves chawanmushi, but for $3, it seems a little expensive to me.	statement	db
There was once where the chawanmushi was served, they were all of different portions.	statement	db
If anyone wants to try this new experience, you now know where to find it.	statement	db
Before embarking on an art adventure at the Singapore Arts Museum, why don't you stop by the Dome Cafe.	statement	db
Serving wise, it was definitely what I needed, especially during lunch time.	statement	db
After walking into the shop, we encountered a busy dining room with clusters of standing staff members who turned to us, shocked and frozen in place, as deer before the halogen lamps of an oversized pickup truck.	statement	db
The Japanese Manager is great and friendly in previous visits, but there's a Chinese guy today who seems to be in charge but really does not act the part.	statement	db
There is even a teppanyaki room behind where the chef also uses the place to cook the meat for other dishes.	statement	db
I usually have the chirashi don but when I was seated in the teppanyaki room, the fragrant smell of sizzling meat just made me want some meat and not raw fish.	statement	db
I was wondering what hash meant and it turned out to be a beef stew like dish on rice.	statement	db
Reservations is a MUST as it is very popular with the Japanese expat ladies as well as businessmen and others who work in the area.	statement	db
Not just was the race like Japanese rice (rather than what you might get at a Turkish place), it was served in a disposable bento container.	statement	db
And when it comes it so so in taste and execution.	statement	db
The guava is okay, but some fruit stalls have really sweet guavas where you don't have to put any dressing - unfortunately it's not the case for this stall.	statement	db
I love the cracking sound when the spoon hit on the thin layer of burnt sugar.	statement	db
Our table of four had a couple drinks, a creme brulee, and well, we had ordered a Grand Marnier souffle, but instead what we got was a chocolate souffle that we thought was this ""Grand Marnier"" souffle.	statement	db
The waiters and waitresses were audibly trying to figure out who served us the wrong thing.	statement	db
So if you are having dinner next door, come by and order it in advance and they will call you when it's ready.	statement	db
So after finishing up your meal along Robertson Quay, you will definitely want to grab something sweet... which is where Laurent Bernard comes into play.	statement	db
So this is a safe on to get for any friend who likes chocolate.	statement	db
Their chocolate bars are housed in a special refrigerated section of the shop so you can be assured that they're not crappy when you buy them.	statement	db
They are a little pricey but you get what you pay for.	statement	db
I don't remember what I ordered the first time I came here but it was some amazing chocolate cake that I remembered about this place after a yummy meal with a friend.	statement	db
It was exactly what I was craving.	statement	db
The cafe itself is not very big but it was rather packed on a weekday evening when we went.	statement	db
The place is often crowded, and the inside is quite cramped, so I prefer sitting outside where the couches lend a relaxed vibe.	statement	db
Be sure to order this when you're here, and top it off with a light tea, such as a Darjeeling.	statement	db
I'd recommend Laurent Bernard to anyone who has just finished a meal in the area and wants a sophisticated yet relaxed place to have dessert.	statement	db
The restaurant has a nostalgic feel to it, with a casual ambience where it is easy to feel at home.	statement	db
So, I am not sure what the deal is.	statement	db
And it was one of those rare occasions where I decided to let fate guide me that led met discover Kawara.	statement	db
I might not have a lot of experience when it comes to Japanese ramen, but I actually enjoyed my experience here at RamenPlay inside 313 Sommerset.	statement	db
I decided to pay them a visit due to a special they were having where certain bowls of ramen were 50% off on Wednesdays.	statement	db
I went in when they were having a special, but If I would have went in any other day, a bowl of ramen would have cost a minimum of $11.	statement	db
After trying both the Bishan branch and this one, I'm convinved that RamenPlay offers a decidedly mediocre dining experience when compared with other, more superior, options available in town.	statement	db
While I am no great connoisseur of ramen, it is obvious that the broth is inferior to what is offered at other ramen restaurants like the former Menya Shinchan at Robertson Quay or Nantsuttei at Millennia Walk.	statement	db
The wait staff, for instance are usually foreigners, and while I have nothing against foreign staff, it irks me when they struggle to pronounce the dish names or greetings in Japanese that even as a patron, I could tell that they were completely butchering the phrases.	statement	db
Lastly, gourmet canteen is a oxymoron - when you say canteen I think of mess tins and stalls.	statement	db
So we ordered what they had - the bacalao baked with cheese and the goats cheese salad.	statement	db
No idea why but it tastes surprisingly similar, but in a creamy sauce with pasta, yummy!	statement	db
My set meal was $16 after tax and service, and it was disappointing for what I got.	statement	db
Quite a decent size for the fiancé and I to share when we were feeling peckish.	statement	db
After scoping out a few spots, I realized that I wanted chicken curry, and Grandma's happened to be offering what I wanted.	statement	db
I noticed there were a few Grandma's locations on the island, and I'll probably stop by one of those locations as well when I'm craving chicken curry and omelettes again.	statement	db
When we wanted to take the 10% service charge off the bill and when we started to complain, the servers started to avoid us.	statement	db
And I think everyone who is thinking of going there should do the same!!!!	statement	db
The café is manned by their regular staff, and sitting by the bar will give you the opportunity to talk to them and hear of their adventures (and, boy, do they have lots of wanderlust-worthy stories to share) when it's a slow day.	statement	db
Our food also wasn't very hot when it arrived which was a bit of a let down.	statement	db
This place serves okowa, which from what I can tell is Japanese rice cooked with chestnuts, salmon, scallops, or other things in it, and grilled food such as salmon, saba, and teriyaki chicken.	statement	db
The sesame french beans and the salad were great, although the miso soup had little awkward circles of what tasted like reconstituted tofu.	statement	db
And they had a 2x1 on wine when we went (Thursday around 7:30pm)  The pizza is ok. Not the most authentic, but def not bad.	statement	db
I guess it's true what they say about Russian Vodka being the best.	statement	db
I am not sure what is supposed to be Russian about this place either.	statement	db
Because that's what I did, which is also why I don't know how much drinks cost.	statement	db
So yeah, just stick to the free stuff ;)   Also, I found myself dancing with a monkey when I was there.	statement	db
So my sis, my kid and I all got what we wanted!	statement	db
And for the price tag that is half of what I pay at restaurants, it's really good!	statement	db
I wouldn't be surprised if I make it four times in a row when I'm back in this area.	statement	db
This Japanese pasta place is one of my favourite options when I come to Food Republic in 313!	statement	db
Fortunately, a couple of people were leaving when we arrived, so we were able to be seated after a 5 minute wait.	statement	db
I don't know where they get their cakes from, but they were good and went perfectly with our coffees.	statement	db
To summarize, going to Whale & Cloud is like finding really good coffee at a friend of a friend's house and within that house is a secret hiding place where all the cool toys are kept.	statement	db
Whale & Cloud: where a potentially good concept crashes against the rocks of the owner's pretention.	statement	db
But even if you manage to zero in on a time when its convenient for you to visit, and then manage to find the place, which is down an alley behind Niven Rd, you have to hope they have a free chair inside.	statement	db
Because if they don't, the owner will not even let you set foot inside the shop and then will proceed to give you attitude about your wish to simply see what the cafe looks like.	statement	db
Guys, here's when you know modern society is going nuts.	statement	db
In case you're wondering what the owner's explanation was for not letting me see his cafe: ""It's my shop and I do what I want.""	statement	db
The reasons are unknown for the quick changeover in businesses at 75 Killiney Road where Bigbank Café is situated - from House of Rice Roll and Porridge, Sun Coffee Planet, Ding Ji Café to the present Bigbank Café.	statement	db
The chairs are really flimsy such that if you seat you would not know when it will break.	statement	db
I think what this place really needs is 49 chefs.	statement	db
The restaurant makes their customers pay the bill while ordering the food, where they're supposed to track your order based on your table number.	statement	db
I used to frequent Bao Today frequently when their Raflles Place branch was still open, so I know they serve pretty good dim sum.	statement	db
We were not greeted by the waitress when we entered the premises.	statement	db
No verbal acknowledgement when u ask for condiments.	statement	db
I thought the name was clever, and I knew exactly what they were going to be serving.	statement	db
Had the AYCE menu where you'll just submit on a piece of paper what you'd like to eat so we kind of went overboard~  This tea on the right side is Longan Tea which was really bitter here... & had to ask  for more hot water to water it down ):  Shiu yok - So under-rated but tasted so good for some odd reason.	statement	db
- Always awesome, not on the menu, ordered separately I believe Shark fin that they served - it was under this section of the menu where there were 4 options and each person can choose one.	statement	db
The manager who tended to us was nice but the server was kind of awful.	statement	db
I tried guo qiao mi xian a couple of times when I was in Yunnan China.	statement	db
You tell them what you want and they quickly give you a plate of tasty hot food.	statement	db
The place was not busy when we came and the service was very attentive - removing used plates and refilling our drinks.	statement	db
The part Indian in me is always happy when I eat at this place.	statement	db
Garlic Parm Boneless Wings The flavour isn't what I'm expecting.	statement	db
If you could not decide on what flavour to have, why not spin the wheel which is located behind the counter.	statement	db
[b] Honey - This flavour brought out a smokey taste unlike what the name describes.	statement	db
Eat them when hot to enjoy the gooey cheese within :)    ** Although Wingzone uses fresh chicken wings instead of frozen ones, but I find the size too skinny.	statement	db
It was piping hot when served with the super chilled and cold salsa.	statement	db
They were also very patient and helpful when it came to picking a sauce for the wings.	statement	db
Although there were some other tourists like ourselves, we did see what looked like some locals also eating there, so that was a good sign.	statement	db
While the Beef was immensely disappointing due to the lack of marbling and the cut given (compared to what we have came to expect from Hot Stones from previous visits), the Salmon was still good, though it tasted better raw then cooked, perhaps from the lack of punch in the marinate.	statement	db
Ridiculously expensive for what you get , even the drinks wernt nice :( !	statement	db
We were recommended to try this place by someone who had previously visited Singapore.	statement	db
The place was empty when we arrived and staffed only by young children who appeared to be about 12 years of age.	statement	db
I'm grateful that we left and can only imagine what this review would look like had we stayed for a full meal.	statement	db
I was not sure at first when the smoking hot stone & raw lobster was placed on our table.	statement	db
But what a treat the meat was tender and flavorful and came with three dipping sauces.	statement	db
I also like how the chef separates the lard from the main dish for those who are more health conscious like me.	statement	db
But what keeps me coming back here is their uniquely delicious grilled bacon!	statement	db
Eating here reminded me of secondary school says where we went for budget buffets to fill up and cap spending.	statement	db
But the $35 free flow is definitely one of the better bargains in SG, especially when a beer jug is already $40 (I'm not sure if the owners really thought through their pricing model...).	statement	db
We were thinking they can't possibly finish that themselves...so we asked the waiter what it was and they said they had an offer of $60 for 25 shots (your choice of a mix of lychee or apple).	statement	db
There's a really good reason why this place only gets three stars on Yelp, which I think is very generous based on my one experience here.	statement	db
It looks like an uber cool place from the street, which is what brought me in the door, but for me the charm ended there.	statement	db
I should have realized that when I was getting a glass of French Merlot in Singapore for $13.	statement	db
Not sure why he wanted to wait on me as he was surly and clearly I was a hindrance.	statement	db
Food didn't smell great either, especially when the most prominent smell is truffle.	statement	db
If you like a cool space with thumping club music and you don't care what kind of service you get and maybe you're only drinking beer or mixed drinks, this may be the place for you.	statement	db
That sounds pretty good to me - especially when it's raining dogs and cats out there.	statement	db
This is where I'd come to grab a quick drink before / after dinner, and is also a good place to meet a date for drinks.	statement	db
It's a great place for those who enjoy halal food and it's quiet affordable as well.	statement	db
Cold crab- they are famous for cold crab here, and most people there when I visited ordered cold crab.	statement	db
I would go when I'm in a desperate need for a fix of cold crabs and prawn rolls and orh ni, but not much else.	statement	db
I do not know what Traditional Hokkien Mee is exactly supposed to be.	statement	db
But for someone who doesn't know jack-squat about Penang cuisine, a buffet offering up the ""greatest hits,"" so to speak, and cooked up by 2 chefs who are actually from Penang, is a terrific way in my opinion to experience Penang foods first hand.	statement	db
The restaurant staff were really helpful in explaining what each dish was and the ingredients in them.	statement	db
I decided to have breakfast here when I stayed at the hotel.	statement	db
I believe I will order this same dish again when I do visit Paul again.	statement	db
I love Paul when I was traveling to London and Paris.	statement	db
There were many outlets in London and I loved buying pastries from there when I was visiting my brother who was working there.	statement	db
Comfortable chairs to caress you when you see the bill for average goods.	statement	db
They didn't have any sandwiches when I was there (11am ish) and I was pretty disappointed by that.	statement	db
This a popular restaurant and the long queue waiting to get seated shows that, it also calls out for a better managed system, maybe a waiting list and SMS when there is an available table, something better.	statement	db
However what piqued my curiosity was the beguiling Macaron Drink ($9.50++) shown below.	statement	db
From the service to the food quality, there is no reason why this cafe still exists..	statement	db
Because I can go to many other places to find food similar to what I get here, I'm rating this fully on service.	statement	db
There is a line, when inside half of the tables are empty.	statement	db
She finally relented to serve us although didn't know what a ginger beer was (her unhelpful reply was that they don't serve alcohol - rather than to explain what they did have).	statement	db
Had a delightful lady and gentleman serving and they looked like the genuinely loved what they're doing which -always- make for a nice touch.	statement	db
Moral of the story - listen to your foodie friends when they tell you not to bother with a place.	statement	db
This type of delay is a common problem in lower quality Singapore restaurants and there's no excuse for it other than managers who do not train their staffs to western standards.	statement	db
This is the result of service by committee when one waiter is not assigned to a table.	statement	db
The committee of servers are not insuring the overall guest experience - instead they are blindly taking orders and then delivering the food when it appears in the kitchen window.	statement	db
Usually when you pay so much for an iced tea, there is a simple syrup offered for sweetening.	statement	db
Servers who don't know the correct pronunciations of the french dishes,   2.	statement	db
3 Servers who ""auction"" the wrong entrees to you unsure of who the food belongs to.	statement	db
I'm not sure what the hype is all about 1) Service was terrible.	statement	db
In a country where ppl are avid travelers and have dined in Paris/ France/ Europe on authenitic macarons, i'm not sure why they're passing off these good but not great cookies as macarons 3) Over-priced.	statement	db
What was defintitely more difficult was deciding exactly what to have from their extensive menu of sweets.	statement	db
But it's easy to see why it's usually packed with customers all day.	statement	db
For those who hate mornings but enjoy breakfast, Paul's Bakery has all day breakfasts too, among other savory bites.	statement	db
""Sorry sir that section is closed"" when I asked if it would open in five minutes I was given the laugh and shrug, sure enough it was open.	statement	db
After months of being open, they can't seem to be flexible enough to seat a party over 2 people in under 10 minutes-even when there are tables open.	statement	db
J suggested we take one of the tables outside the restaurant for a quieter time, much to what I agreed.	statement	db
But what warms me, is the hospitality that comes from the heart.	statement	db
This has never occurred nor I heard from others who have dined at Paul in the past, but today, I am having waitress coming up to me, asking if the food tastes good (checked).	statement	db
Accordingly, it pleases J who is won over by its fresh texture and natural taste, less obscuring.	statement	db
I used to go to Paul, when I lived in Dubai and occasionally craved a boulangerie (the other options were terrible).	statement	db
I suppose when things get this commercialized, you lose the charm and personality that you once had.	statement	db
Especially when they are still warm and out of the oven.	statement	db
i've been there at 10 am where they had no croissants yet.	statement	db
It is almost inaccessible without a car but I am blessed with friends who don't mind ferrying me around.	statement	db
You could order your drinks and place them on tab before 9PM ... and the servers would only bring them out later when you want them (even after 9PM) - that was pretty sweet service.	statement	db
I live in the Bras Basah precinct and was very much in love with its offerings when it was operating out of a little coffeeshop joint along Queen Street.	statement	db
They were pretty good value when they were at the kopitiam, but as a midpriced restaurant now I'm not so sure.	statement	db
The creme brulee dessert came super promptly and the first bite revealed why - it was still stone cold from the fridge.	statement	db
A full bar inside and another outside where the smoking area is.	statement	db
Coca Buffet looks to be extremely expensive at first glance, but it was a favourite spot for friends when we were students simply because they offered a $16.90++ buffet on weekdays for students only.	statement	db
I only like the location - perfect for when you need a snack mid club.	statement	db
This is exactly what we did - popped out for a small burger during our clubbing experience.	statement	db
You wouldn't want to come here, but it is very convenient when you are already in the building.	statement	db
[I put up several pictures of the things we ordered, so you can get an idea of what the dishes look like].	statement	db
The outdoor greater person, who most often saw us waving at the front of the clear empty dining room window, would gesture towards other servers to attend to us (his sole job was just recruiting spectators).	statement	db
Given that it is the only place (at least that I am aware of) that serves Tangra food, I might be back with friends or families who are visiting from out of town.	statement	db
Fried rice dishes come in greater quantity than what one person can eat, especially if they've had some soup or starter prior to that.	statement	db
1 veg manchow soup + 1 veg hakka noodles cost me 25 SGD, which is probably 5 - 10 $ more than what you would expect it to be.	statement	db
The guy at the cash register told me their clock was showing 9:15, even when I pointed out that his cellphone clearly read 9:10.	statement	db
My only response is, with customer service like this--combining Singaporean rigidity with SE Asian haphazardness, which is about the worst combination there is--next time, I'll walk next door to Jinjja Chicken and save Bonchon for when I'm back in the States.	statement	db
I told the other server and she was at a loss of what to do and tried to give me another salad.	statement	db
I am sad that I wasted my fried chicken craving on BonChon chicken but at least now I know where not to go when I need a feel good booster!	statement	db
I don't get what I pay for.	statement	db
I'd first tried the famous BonChon chicken wings in New York City, where they had earned their reputation as the best chicken wings in America.	statement	db
So imagine my joy when I found out they had made their way to Southeast Asia, with outlets in Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia and yes, Singapore!	statement	db
I got to try the chicken wings in Bangkok and was sufficiently convinced that the standard was more or less the same as what I had in New York.	statement	db
The service was a bit slow and the prices are quite steep for what you really get.	statement	db
The first time I tried it was in New York and I must say, the taste is almost the same as when I had it over there.	statement	db
Depending on what flavour you like, you can choose between the soy garlic or the spicy.	statement	db
There is a dessert set option where you get $1 off your drink if you get any dessert.	statement	db
In fact, almost all of my dinnerware and utensils come from MUJI, so by now you can imagine my excitement when I heard MUJI Cafe & Meal will be opening it's first ever cafe in Singapore.	statement	db
I was starving at the time so I chose the 4 deli option which consists of: Black Vinegar Sweet Sour Pork Fried Chicken Sweet Chili Mayonnaise (Chicken breasts when I had it) Prawn & Edamame Salad with Spiced Mayo Sauce Salad with Colourful Tomatoes & Mozzarella Cheese  I find it satisfying and purely comforting at the same time.	statement	db
But the 3 star I gave is not because of the overall quality but because of slight annoyance I have when I figured the 'Hot' deli actually tasted very cold (which also happened during my visit to other MUJI cafe outside Singapore).	statement	db
Here is where Muji comes in.	statement	db
After hearing so much about this restaurant, my cousin and I paid it a visit when we were in Little India and tried out their famous dum briyanis to see if they really were as good as others have said.	statement	db
:) it's usually pretty quiet; so it's great if you like it private, but not when you want a place to see and be seen.	statement	db
If I ever go missing in Singapore this is where you should look for me!	statement	db
This is where I go when I am happy and want to toast to life but this is also where I go when I am depressed and want to have a pick-me up.	statement	db
This last one is my absolute fave, it feels like a neighborhood bar, where they welcome you, they suggest new drinks without being pushy and casually chat with their patrons.	statement	db
Prices range from SGD8.90++ to SGD11.90++ depending on what main dish you order.	statement	db
One Ice Lemon Tea  I did enjoy the food though when the appetizers came, the dumplings looked a little pathetic with the crumbly skin that was torn.	statement	db
BUT, what was served up at the other tables that ordered ala carte from their menu looked really good so perhaps they do have more saving grace than what I've experienced.	statement	db
My colleague who knows his Indian food swears by this place and says his friends also call it a favorite.	statement	db
It was quite tasty with cashews and some other stringy ingredient (wasn't sure what it was).	statement	db
Not sure what the bill came out to as colleague generously paid for us 4.	statement	db
I didn't really know what to expect, no one spoke English, and all I saw were my fellow blue collar friends from different mothers...awesome.	statement	db
I can only comment on their sushi, since the few times I've eaten here I only ordered chirashi, and to be honest, I would rather eat sushi else where if I'm paying $30-40.	statement	db
The tacos is where Barrio really drops the ball.	statement	db
I ordered it at the server's recommendation, who said it was one of the most popular dishes.	statement	db
Not sure what the story is with this space but I wish they could've just put more seating instead.	statement	db
but when i heard it was a new opening and had an exciting extensive menu, i had to check her out.	statement	db
although it can be rather glaring when seated by the full length windows, i will still recommend you do just that.	statement	db
sure, some may have beautiful ones only to lull you into a false sense of what the restaurant is.	statement	db
here, i did enjoy my healthy reading time and the food came pretty close to what was represented but unfortunately, so did the price$$$!	statement	db
kinda reminded me of the time when fancy boutique eclairs first made their entrance.	statement	db
Even when busy, there tends to always be seats.	statement	db
I usually go around 1130am when it is quieter.	statement	db
Our first attempt of a UYE here failed miserably when our tiny group was not even allowed to join the line at 1830 hrs because THERE WAS JUST TOO MANY PEOPLE!	statement	db
ENTER...my fine lady, who is so sweet in every possible manner and always ever thoughtful.	statement	db
I bought a little extra as well to treat two Filipino friends who didn't believe that Jollibee was in Singapore.	statement	db
Comfort food only for those who grew up eating it.	statement	db
Arnold's has long been top on my list when it comes to fried chicken but Jollibee might jolly well topple that ranking should they ironically manage to keep those 2hours queue away.	statement	db
The gold is sub-par, they make you crack your own eggs, and it's just not a shiok as what OTHER places can offer you.	statement	db
I have friends who swear by the porridge with century egg.	statement	db
I decided to go on a walkabout and see where I ended up.	statement	db
As I neared 213 Selegie Road, I thought I would see what was actually there.	statement	db
http://tinyurl.com/o4gz4ak  Sambal Prawns - As usual when I order a spicy dish at a hawker centre, auntie asked if I knew it was a hot dish.	statement	db
The ambiance is what one expects from a hawker centre.	statement	db
I'd like to think that I'm a pretty easy-going person and relatively adventurous when it comes to food.	statement	db
But when it comes to this place, I put my concrete foot down.	statement	db
And when I say non-existent, I mean it.	statement	db
I had to stand up and walk to the kitchen serving counter to help myself when they forgot to serve our salted vegetables side dish, as well as our extra soup.	statement	db
I took it to go and was afraid that it will be soggy when I get home but it wasn't.	statement	db
One advise for take away: no vegetables (lettuce or tomato) cause it will make the bun to be more soggy when the steam evaporates.	statement	db
So for those who are looking to get some red meat, sorry, this place is strictly protein-filled white meat.	statement	db
Personally, being someone who is easily attracted to unique packaging, I will only come back to this place for the bun.	statement	db
Coffee comes from Common Man, but is suprisingly quite acidic compared to the rest of the cafes who also use Common Mans roasters.	statement	db
Don't really understand why the reviews here are kinda low.	statement	db
You must be wondering why I remember so clearly LOL.	statement	db
I also ordered a latte/ mocha I think(don't remember exactly what I ordered), and it was pretty tasty too.	statement	db
The Italian ($24 after GST and service charge) - 3 stars The portion is fairly small - I was surprised when it arrived with just one slice of ciabatta.	statement	db
First, we asked for water, the waitress told us that water is self-serve, so I had to get up to a counter which is right behind me and grab a bottle of filled water, why can't they serve the fucking water themselves with the 17% service charge is beyond me!!!	statement	db
The prosciutto tasted extra salty and it looked very dark and the eggs where overcooked.	statement	db
It was a little tricky to find... but good things come to those who wait.	statement	db
I have been to this place several times with friends who enjoy the food here, which indeed is pretty tasty.	statement	db
Wild Honey in Mandarin Gallery is one of these places that seems to be extremely popular with a lot of people and when I finally visit I can just not really get what all the fuss is about.	statement	db
The focus is on all-day breakfast and that is something I am a fan of - we were however here early in the morning as we were meeting friends who have kids waking up early.	statement	db
But the good thing is they would text us when the table was ready so we could walk nearby to do more sightseeing of Orchard Road.	statement	db
I had the egg benedit which was okay but not as good to what I can get in London.	statement	db
Instead of having to wait at the door, you can roam ard the mall till you receive the phone call when your table is available.	statement	db
As a girl who loves breakfast options, and was in search of something reminiscent of an American brunch experience, I'd pass.	statement	db
I couldn't really recall the name of the dish we ordered but when the food is served we are amazed by the portion as its really big.... 3 ladies + 1 young kid finish all the food and its really yummy.	statement	db
After waiting 15 minutes, they brought out a ""Parisian"" - not at all what I ordered.	statement	db
I had brunch here once and I loved the concept of this place where they try to replicate breakfast meals of different countries such as American breakfast, English breakfast etc.	statement	db
I wanted to see what all the hype was about.	statement	db
So, I made a pact with myself when I arrived in Singapore that I would not have any western food while there.	statement	db
I tell you what I never seen a croissant loaded so well.	statement	db
Not sure what the purpose of him was.	statement	db
Had to send it back to get them to make it again, this time hot, even though I had asked the waiter to make the coffee extra hot when he took my order.	statement	db
Only happy when you are opening up your wallet.	statement	db
Then when our food came out, one of the poached eggs was over cooked and the yoke was not at all runny as one would like.	statement	db
However, I happen to be one of those people who have no trouble rising a bit early (these days, in fact, it's mandatory) and I always manage to snag a table with a 15-20 minute wait.	statement	db
When i first arrived there, i was taking some time to decide on what to eat.	statement	db
Even when i asked for an extra plate, the waitress gave me an attitude.	statement	db
I am fairly decisive when it comes to work, but when it comes to my personal life that is a completely different story.	statement	db
As someone that was raised in Maryland, which is known for Chesapeake Bay, blue crabs and all cuisine which involve them, I am quite the discerning crab cake connoisseur and actually can't say the crab cakes were what made the meal, but it was good.	statement	db
The English Breakfast was very good and I highly recommend that to anyone that finds themselves in a situation where they just simply can not decide.	statement	db
Wild Honey does a great breakfast, no matter what time of the day you visit.	statement	db
This is just fabulous for not-so-early birds like me, who can't get enough of their Caribbean waffles, eggs benedict, or Norwegian smoked salmon bundles.	statement	db
I think they cater to the true Foodie, who has a soft spot for rustic comfort food, yet craves that extra little je ne sais quois.	statement	db
You get ushered to your seat and then you have to order at the counter where there's a picture menu on a ipad you can scroll through to make your decision.	statement	db
Final verdict: I'd only come here when I crave for exotic breakfasts during dinner, other than that, not really worth the high price.	statement	db
It has got EVERYTHING right which is why it's so frustrating.	statement	db
At least when it started.	statement	db
You have to order at the counter which is equipped with spiffy ipad menus so you can see pix of what you're ordering.	statement	db
During high tea hours , the queue can get extremely long and I was there once where the waitress informed me the waiting time is 1 hour.	statement	db
But anyways, there was an iPad at the counter, allowing you to swipe and check out what each breakfast set looks like.	statement	db
Luckily I already knew what I wanted.	statement	db
The music that was playing then was kind of headache-y, it sounded like the repetitive null and heavy beats that Inception has towards the end of the movie when all the dreams fall apart.	statement	db
I keep thinking that it's a nice place to have a quiet breakfast date with myself and then am surprised when I show up.	statement	db
It's a breakfast place, but not quiet by any stretch of the imagination--it's not so much the crowd at the time I go (but by 10am 70% of the tables are occupied, with a mix of tourists, business people, and ladies who erm brunch) but the music.	statement	db
So it's not so much a place for a quiet reflective start to the day, more a place to fuel up--and what a place!	statement	db
Good food, thats where it ends...	statement	db
It is not at all clear how to order, there are no real menus, waiters, or explanation of  what the food is.	statement	db
With all the buzz of Wisma Atria's Japanese Gourmet town going around, I knew I had to give it a try and what better day and way than for my birthday.	statement	db
What catches your eye first when stepping in, is the number of Japanese working here.	statement	db
They weight the food, charge you, then in the kitchen, they will stir-fry it when the mala spices.	statement	db
The salmon was of an average standard and tastes acceptable, like what you would expect from a typical cheap Japanese bento stall in the food court.	statement	db
I was actually looking for a similar drink at a shop that used to be at a corner of Sunshine Plaza when I chanced upon this instead.	statement	db
The popping yoghurt jelly was quite a joy as well, and they were very very generous with their helping of it, when I usually scrap to get enough at other places.	statement	db
The curry rice tasted like what we can make with the store bought curry roux.	statement	db
I love the xiao long bao (doesn't break when you clumsily chopstick one onto your spoon) and the half open fried guotie thingies.	statement	db
That is when I discovered that Brewerkz actually brewed their own beers.	statement	db
This is exactly what I was hoping for.	statement	db
I stumbled upon Brewerkz while looking to get a drink why we waited to eat dinner at Jumbo Seafood and to my surprised it was a Brewery which I wish was code that way on Yelp thought we were just hitting a bar.	statement	db
Or maybe it was just my company who made this a very enjoyable evening :-)	statement	db
After many a meal at hawker centres, my friend and I decided that some wings were what we were missing in our lives.	statement	db
The fiery buffalo wings will wake your pallets and when you can't stand the spice, just wash it down with more beer.	statement	db
The one thing that was especially  interesting was the beer pricing, which depends on the tier of beer (there are 2 types, one being more expensive) and when you buy it (3 different blocks of time).	statement	db
You can choose to sit outdoors by the riverside or indoors where there's a pool table.	statement	db
I guess this place will be great for people who are into authentic beer (which are always bitter).	statement	db
A bit pricey but ya get what u pay for.	statement	db
Brewerkz was the microbrewery back when everybody still drank bottled beer like it was the shit.	statement	db
Some of my American friends who came recently thought it had the best burger they've had in this part of the world.	statement	db
They have beer samplers if you can't decide what you like.	statement	db
This is where you go for beer and huge portions--I've been told that their burgers and steaks are good, but I'm usually there for the finger food, having been scared off by a Cobb salad so large that two people (neither of whom shy grazers) could comfortably eat.	statement	db
In general, most things are overpriced for what they are.	statement	db
He said what chaat, he had all sorts of chaat, and pointed to the counter.	statement	db
This works like a Yong Tau Foo stall where you pick out your own ingredients.	statement	db
Location tip: they are in a rather hidden spot in the basement where Gong Cha used to be.	statement	db
I remember a time where almost every 5 star hotel has a nice old school hotel bar.	statement	db
I don't know why I went here.	statement	db
And the drinks are about S$10 after the discount, of course, this depends on what you want.	statement	db
But what impressed me even more was the originality of his cuisine--a marriage of French techniques and Asian-Singaporean flavours, infused with his passion for food and the aesthetics.	statement	db
OCEAN || Smoked Trout with Trout Caviar, Banana mash Fried Prawn, Hokkaido Scallops on Anchovies Sauce, Sea Lettuce, Herring Caviar, Squid Ink Sponge (made from scratch)   The menu here is guided by the 7 letters of ""ENSOPHI"": Exotic, Nostalgia, Soil, Ocean, Pristine, Heritage, Impression--a philosophy originally developed by Chef Matthew when he started Rabbit Stash in an old shop house unit back in 2011.	statement	db
Even when busy, I am usually able to quickly find a table to squeeze into.	statement	db
Where can i get good nasi lemak at toa payoh?	question	wesley
I'm looking for a tonkatsu or yakitori place in bras basah?	question	wesley
Recommend where to go for nasi biryani	question	wesley
Where can I get french food at HarbourFront	question	wesley
Any good coffee place at tanjong pagar?	question	wesley
I would like to have fish head curry today	question	wesley
I have been to that place before please recommend another one	question	wesley
That place is overrated suggest another one	question	wesley
Any other recommendations as that place is overpriced	question	wesley
How is the weather today?	question	wesley
Is the place open today	question	wesley
What is the time now	question	wesley
Are you a bot	question	wesley
What is your name?	question	wesley
What do you do for a living	question	wesley
I would like to go for japanese food today	question	wesley
Thank you for the food recommendations	statement	wesley
I like that place	statement	wesley
The food there was not nice	statement	wesley
The place is overrated	statement	wesley
That place is too far from here	statement	wesley
Have a good day	statement	wesley
Gosh it's raining now	statement	wesley
I like to talk to bots	statement	wesley
Nice talking to you	statement	wesley
Goodbye	statement	wesley
Good morning	statement	wesley
Restaurant Andre is in the list of top 50 restaurants in the world	statement	wesley
Singapore has the cheapest place with a Michelin star	statement	wesley
I used to stay at Toa Payoh	statement	wesley
The MRT is breaking down so often these days	statement	wesley
Food prices are going to rise this year with the hike in water prices	statement	wesley
Real stay top with Leganes win	statement	wesley
Barca thump Sevilla yesterday night	statement	wesley
LOL	statement	wesley
