statement	label	source
Where can i get good nasi lemak at toa payoh?	question	wesley
I'm looking for a tonkatsu or yakitori place in bras basah?	question	wesley
Recommend where to go for nasi biryani	question	wesley
Where can I get french food at HarbourFront	question	wesley
Any good coffee place at tanjong pagar?	question	wesley
I would like to have fish head curry today	question	wesley
I have been to that place before please recommend another one	question	wesley
That place is overrated suggest another one	question	wesley
Any other recommendations as that place is overpriced	question	wesley
How is the weather today?	question	wesley
Is the place open today	question	wesley
What is the time now	question	wesley
Are you a bot	question	wesley
What is your name?	question	wesley
What do you do for a living	question	wesley
I would like to go for japanese food today	question	wesley
Thank you for the food recommendations	statement	wesley
I like that place	statement	wesley
The food there was not nice	statement	wesley
The place is overrated	statement	wesley
That place is too far from here	statement	wesley
Have a good day	statement	wesley
Gosh it's raining now	statement	wesley
I like to talk to bots	statement	wesley
Nice talking to you	statement	wesley
Goodbye	statement	wesley
Good morning	statement	wesley
Restaurant Andre is in the list of top 50 restaurants in the world	statement	wesley
Singapore has the cheapest place with a Michelin star	statement	wesley
I used to stay at Toa Payoh	statement	wesley
The MRT is breaking down so often these days	statement	wesley
Food prices are going to rise this year with the hike in water prices	statement	wesley
Real stay top with Leganes win	statement	wesley
Barca thump Sevilla yesterday night	statement	wesley
LOL	statement	wesley
where can i find good Indian food?	question	brij
where can i find good Indian chicken near Tampines?	question	brij
What are good Japanese restaurants near Raffles?	question	brij
What to have with chicken?	question	brij
Where can i find Irish Coffee?	question	brij
Which can i find cheap coffee?	question	brij
Where should i go fo healthy morning brekfast?	question	brij
What are good cafes in Tampines?	question	brij
Could you suggest soem restaurants with good vibe?	question	brij
What are the mexican serving restaurants?	question	brij
I am Tampines	statement	brij
I like coffee	statement	brij
I want to eat chicken with Indian spices	statement	brij
Mexican food is my favourite	statement	brij
Suggest a mexican restaurant near Orchard	statement	brij
I want a restaurat with quite ambience	statement	brij
I like vegetarian food	statement	brij
I like non-vegetarian food	statement	brij
Suggest a cheap restaurants near Orchard	statement	brij
You are a fool	statement	brij
Where can I find the best prata? 	question	kahling
Are you sure this is the best chicken rice? 	question	kahling
are you a foodie? 	question	kahling
How sure are you? 	question	kahling
what is nice around CBD? 	question	kahling
whats nice and within $10 in CBD? 	question	kahling
who are you? 	question	kahling
can i trust you? 	question	kahling
when is the best time to go for lunch in CBD? 	question	kahling
when is the restaurant open? 	question	kahling
what is the opening hours? 	question	kahling
do they have any promotions? 	question	kahling
how do i qualify for the promotion? 	question	kahling
which credit card qualifies for the promotion? 	question	kahling
are you kidding me? 	question	kahling
is this your best recommendation? 	question	kahling
has anyone told you your recommendation sucks? 	question	kahling
do you know of any late night places in CBD? 	question	kahling
Wheres somewhere with good food and ambience? 	question	kahling
what type of food do they serve? 	question	kahling
is it halal? 	question	kahling
im supposed to trust a bot? 	question	kahling
youre a female, arent you? 	question	kahling
may i know your name? 	question	kahling
will you be my friend? 	question	kahling
can you be more relevant? 	question	kahling
seriously? 	question	kahling
why did i even ask you? 	question	kahling
whats the meaning of life? 	question	kahling
do you sense my sarcasm? 	question	kahling
do you have any friends? 	question	kahling
isnt it lonely out there? 	question	kahling
where are you located? 	question	kahling
whats wrong with you!? 	question	kahling
hows your day? 	question	kahling
seriously? 	question	kahling
if i speak nicely to you, will you provide me with better recommendations? 	question	kahling
can you do better? 	question	kahling
youre not!? 	question	kahling
i like the Dark Knight, do you? 	question	kahling
whats your favourite food? 	question	kahling
cant you do anything right? 	question	kahling
why not? 	question	kahling
you think im dumb, dont you? 	question	kahling
do you ever wonder about the universe? 	question	kahling
can i ask you a question? 	question	kahling
why is the sky blue? 	question	kahling
how many languages do you speak? 	question	kahling
dont you think so? 	question	kahling
arent you glad that this is coming to an end? 	question	kahling
you can do better 	statement	kahling
seriously 	statement	kahling
you suck! 	statement	kahling
get a life 	statement	kahling
you need more training 	statement	kahling
i need more options	statement	kahling
tell me a joke 	statement	kahling
youre fired! 	statement	kahling
hahaha what a joke! 	statement	kahling
why so serious? 	statement	kahling
you must be kidding 	statement	kahling
i wonder about your existence ..	statement	kahling
describe your location 	statement	kahling
i love you! 	statement	kahling
you seriously didnt sense my sarcasm ..	statement	kahling
argh!!!! 	statement	kahling
goodbye! 	statement	kahling
bye 	statement	kahling
i had a lousy day 	statement	kahling
please be nice 	statement	kahling
im not impressed 	statement	kahling
hey 	statement	kahling
i want to eat bak kut teh 	statement	kahling
nice brunch places, please 	statement	kahling
i am sure you can do better 	statement	kahling
youre just a bot 	statement	kahling
life is like a box of chocolate ..	statement	kahling
mine has milk chocolates only 	statement	kahling
i bet you had a much better day than me 	statement	kahling
your recommendations dont suit me 	statement	kahling
the recommendations are not relevant 	statement	kahling
those are not bak kut teh! 	statement	kahling
i said prata! 	statement	kahling
youre definitely not local 	statement	kahling
youre not familiar with the local scene 	statement	kahling
my friend said that youre pretty useful 	statement	kahling
but i beg to differ 	statement	kahling
although you look and sound cool, youre just another bimbo 	statement	kahling
you are crazy, just like the rest of us 	statement	kahling
i cant go with your recommendations! 	statement	kahling
those are not relevant alternatives 	statement	kahling
indian or chinese foods only 	statement	kahling
i dont want restaurants 	statement	kahling
i want hawker stalls selling western food 	statement	kahling
recommended hawker centre fish & chips 	statement	kahling
thanks! 	statement	kahling
youve been a great help 	statement	kahling
i would highly recommend you to my friends 	statement	kahling
its been a pleasure chatting with you 	statement	kahling
see you! 	statement	kahling
i want eat food 	statement	chris
raffles place is nice 	statement	chris
chicken rice is not the best food 	statement	chris
food is a necessity, i need it 	statement	chris
wonder why i take so long to eat 	statement	chris
the recommendation sucks 	statement	chris
i will make my way 	statement	chris
dont count on my food knowledge 	statement	chris
an outdoor environment would be nice 	statement	chris
deciding between chinese or western or indian 	statement	chris
my ex-girlfriend likes salad 	statement	chris
salad is love, salad is life 	statement	chris
i prefer meat 	statement	chris
i wonder how you get your reviews 	statement	chris
you could replace ladyironchef 	statement	chris
ubereats should consider delivering to my house 	statement	chris
if you were integrated into siri, life would be perfect 	statement	chris
i do not want to be charged for take-away 	statement	chris
american food is not as flavourful as chinese 	statement	chris
wish i had food now 	statement	chris
the lighting in food places should be brighter 	statement	chris
i need food for my computer 	statement	chris
computer juice sounds perfect 	statement	chris
sometimes i feel like a plastic bag 	statement	chris
hahahaha great 	statement	chris
dude, no way..	statement	chris
stop killing pigs, i am a vegetarian 	statement	chris
i wish you could give me more chicken wing recommendations 	statement	chris
a plastic bag is not counted as take-away 	statement	chris
dabao la! 	statement	chris
you dont want to play with me, i will crush you 	statement	chris
some bots just think they are so smart 	statement	chris
i hope they realise they are just programs with no feelings 	statement	chris
why, today seems like a pleasant day 	statement	chris
so what if i do not like your recommendations 	statement	chris
attack of the flying pigs!! 	statement	chris
this one from airpork 	statement	chris
that one from dunno where 	statement	chris
having milo for lunch is good 	statement	chris
but milo is fattening 	statement	chris
i like to poo after eating 	statement	chris
you want die, tell me, i destroy your codes with my punch 	statement	chris
I AM ONE PUNCH MAN! 	statement	chris
just kidding 	statement	chris
okay, this is damnn lame 	statement	chris
nah, i am having fun what 	statement	chris
you think chicken is good for lunch, i do not think so 	statement	chris
wish i had a pork chop in my plate 	statement	chris
my wants and my needs are two different things, i want chicken rice but i need food 	statement	chris
can i have a recommendation for chicken rice? 	question	chris
you stupid is it? 	question	chris
do you have other choices? 	question	chris
another one? 	question	chris
maybe something else? 	question	chris
what the hell is this recommendation? 	question	chris
can i please have a different one...? 	question	chris
western food places please 	question	chris
where is a good place for spicy western food? 	question	chris
any specials for today? 	question	chris
why do you recommend me this? 	question	chris
does this place have water? 	question	chris
what food is good and cheap? 	question	chris
how to get from my office to there? 	question	chris
got any places serve chips a not? 	question	chris
eeyer, can change? 	question	chris
you really think can eat nasi lemak without chilli? 	question	chris
how the heck you come up with this review!? 	question	chris
the location has changed right? 	question	chris
can you be my girlfriend? 	question	chris
why not?? 	question	chris
do you have a name? 	question	chris
any good nearby food? 	question	chris
chicken rice or chicken wings? 	question	chris
that one good a not? 	question	chris
this food place got spicy one right? 	question	chris
can i quit my job? 	question	chris
i want a different food place, please recommend? 	question	chris
can i eat pig liver in office? 	question	chris
do cows actually fly? 	question	chris
if got cheaper, how? 	question	chris
you think you smart is it? 	question	chris
haha, any others? 	question	chris
please, how i know? 	question	chris
you consider this cheap? 	question	chris
how can i fill the hole in my heart? 	question	chris
can i eat pig heart? 	question	chris
animals are smarter than bots right? 	question	chris
how to eat and change at the same time? 	question	chris
is poopoo a food? 	question	chris
chinese food or indian food? 	question	chris
can i have a mix of both? 	question	chris
you think talking to myself fun? 	question	chris
can you end my misery? 	question	chris
how to heal my heavy heart? 	question	chris
yeah, good idea, got better one? 	question	chris
is junquan your creator? 	question	chris
dhoby ghaut counted as cbd? 	question	chris
got erp during lunchtime? 	question	chris
you very free ah, talk with me so long 	question	chris
*ahem*    Sincere healthy food  Located in at the bottom of the one raffles  You do what is blatantly good  When we want something more than just waffles   Your chicken breast is skinless  Your beetroot yam combi fulfilling  Your service is wonderfully full of classiness  Which is why i love the food that im eating	statement	db
I don't know what is in the sauce (light colored and very minimal) but it sure packed a punch.	statement	db
But for me, I think they chicken does not taste particularly outstanding, and the sauces on the table actually tastes better and are more flavorful than what is used to marinate the chicken.	statement	db
I find these do change frequently, so it depend on what is available that day.	statement	db
Language has also been a slight barrier for me at times in cases where I want to know exactly what is in a dish.	statement	db
Overall it's about average and it makes wonder if I should be letting a gwai lo (in Cantonese) tell me what is good Chinese food.	statement	db
Do expect a long line as the Singaporeans all some to gather to what is supposedly the best.	statement	db
It was really tough and nothing like what is expected of food that is slow cooked.	statement	db
It's small which means there is a longer line, but that is ok is you expect it, what is not though is seeing the same scoop being used for several toppings and the need to request sauce on the side instead of it being standard.	statement	db
I can't tell you exactly what is in there besides some sashimi pieces and a bunch of goodness but trust me.. You will love it.	statement	db
Every dish was well thought out, balancing flavorsome, textures, and spices; the wait staff were very well trained and always happy to help; having the meals explained by the kitchen staff too always highlights what is important to them.	statement	db
Thus, after watching the hunger-inducing documentary Jiro dreams of sushi, I felt compelled to try the real deal at what is considered one of the best sushi restaurants in Singapore.	statement	db
In additional, what is more important is that you can still find authentic local food that has been in business for many years.	statement	db
We also made do with some roast pork and duck and washed it all down with what is now one of my favorite beverages in SE Asia:  Water chestnut drink.	statement	db
I had no idea what is good here besides the famous Tian Tian Chicken Rice stall.	statement	db
I've never been much of a fan of paying much money for, well, what is essentially flour (all you bakers - hold your pitchforks!	statement	db
I can't even figure out what is in the crepe.	statement	db
I asked what is popular, she said depends on individual.	statement	db
They don't understand what is Medium.	statement	db
the menu price, making the cost much higher than what is printed.	statement	db
But if you do want something off menu or what is special that day, just ask.	statement	db
It is ok.   What is interesting is that you get 6 types of soup broth and ramen in one shop, so it can be a good place if you and your dining companions like different things.	statement	db
However, what is truly excellent is their wine service from their in house sommelier (yes, this is for you wine aficionados who need your glasses changed depending whether you have a big burgundy red, or a more subtle Pinot.	statement	db
Now, stuck in the corner of a less known coffee shop, the love isn't what is use to be.	statement	db
Although the number of dishes may not looks as many as what is served in Teppei's $80 multi course meal, one really feels as full.	statement	db
Excellent small intimate with character on Duxton Road for what is one of the best beers in Singapore.	statement	db
For a side, I had the Vietnamese Yam Roll and OHMYGOSH WHAT IS THIS PURPLE DELICIOUSNESS.	statement	db
When I am desperate for food and don't want to walk far, I see what is on offer at Icon Village.	statement	db
Osteria Mozza serves up what is probably the best Italian food in Singapore, but that doesn't necessarily mean that it's the best Italian restaurant around.	statement	db
I liked how you can see from a live TV feed behind what is being played inside by the band on stage.	statement	db
There were only 2 people in line ahead of me (a questionable fact since I try to look for places with long lines as a method of what is good in the moment) but I figured what the heck, for $4 SGD, I'll take my chances and if it is bad, I'll write it off as the cost of street food exploration.	statement	db
so what is the big deal.	statement	db
You walk into a bar after work with this *gawsh I need a drink & some super unhealthy flash fried junk* look and proceed to order whatevers on tap and at happy hour prices (because you don't want to spend money on what is essentially becoming water after a hard day's work, literal and metaphorical pun intended) and then something to fill the stomach.	statement	db
4.5cm tall balls filled with creamy bechamel and chunks of what is possibly iberico ham (i expect no less) left us wanting for more.	statement	db
Before you start worrying about onion breath, these ones here are slow roasted till tender, and what is left behind is pure caramelized sweetness.	statement	db
This exemplifies what is wrong with the restaurant.	statement	db
But what is heartening to know is that the ingredients used at Spizzico are fresh and the sauces are made from scratch.	statement	db
Much of the sashimi is seasonal, so always ask for what is available.	statement	db
Here what is great is how there are no hard and fast rules.	statement	db
Besides the usual menu, the staff also make his offers on what is in season by using a daily special cart.	statement	db
If this isn't a well-balanced dish, I don't know what is.	statement	db
The gf knows I have his obsession with it and she could see the excitement in me, knowing that I was not only finally going to satisfy my craving for minced pork noodles but was going to try what is apparently THE BEST minced pork noodles in Singapore now.	statement	db
All I can say is I don't see what is so special about it.	statement	db
Demand for seating seems higher than what is available.	statement	db
If this isn't a win, I don't know what is.	statement	db
Prices as are expected - $8.50 for the latte and cappuccino above - and broadly in line with what is charged in other quality cafes.	statement	db
With fusion cuisine having the tendency of trying too hard, I think many are often disappointed with what is offered.	statement	db
Better but still short of what is good.	statement	db
As I was getting hungry to, why not see what is so special with pricey coffee.	statement	db
I was a happy man - this place went what is beyond the call of duty in a starbucks and turned my frown into a delighted customer.	statement	db
I spent many years living in Georgia so I know what is delicious southern food!	statement	db
Though I am not vegetarian, which is what is on the menu here, dishes served here are delectable!	statement	db
I have never been able to identify the banana blossom in the dish but the sauce is so good I don't really care what is in it.	statement	db
Talk about what is a real swiss roll.	statement	db
The food they serve is nothing like what is pictured on their menu.	statement	db
I tried asking a shop staff what is the name of the shop.	statement	db
But the food is really what is so stellar about this place.	statement	db
It was my first introduction to what is known as Hawker stands.	statement	db
I wish there were a few Indian options, but what is here is pretty good.	statement	db
Yes, freely mix n match what is on your plate - for an equally delightful result do what you may!	statement	db
I think the cappuccinos here are probably closer to what you'd get in Italy than some of the better places in San Francisco since the coffee beans used here are on more of the delicate side and the milk used tastes more creamy than what is normally used in the US.	statement	db
Everyone mentioned how Hai Di Lao is known for their service, but I do not think it is that extraordinary so I have no idea what is the baseline for comparison.	statement	db
It must have been years since I last visited Katong Shopping Centre, and when I did I had to try what is arguably one of the top few chicken rice stalls in Singapore.	statement	db
You could select the tea of your choice, you just have to ask them what is available.	statement	db
If you are unfamiliar with your surroundings, there are signs showing what is where.	statement	db
The rosti enables me to eat what is essentially a cake of french fries and not feel as bad about it because it is so fresh, and the raclette is divine.	statement	db
Available from Mon to Sat from  2.30pm to 5.30pm, this is a pretty good deal for what is usually priced at $4-6 per box of little bites.	statement	db
In particular, the dim sum items are hot favorites as what is served at Bosses is probably more exquisite than what you commonly get outside.	statement	db
The whole place is as auhentic as it gets, and it serves what is undoubtedly the best briyani in Singapore.	statement	db
Finally I can see what is the attraction.	statement	db
I cannot recall what is in the  set now.	statement	db
We were seated very quickly inside what is quite a small restaurant, although there appears to be additional seating areas upstairs.	statement	db
There is local food such as satay outdoors, Japanese food, Western food and more depending on what is available on the day that you are there.	statement	db
Even though most top-tier sushi restaurants have chefs and staff that know their sake very well (except for a certain place that has two hotel locations and enjoys only recommending what is most expensive at both locations), Ki-sho also has an in-house sake sommelier that is the best.	statement	db
For example, what is the difference between the large and small sweet and sour pork.	statement	db
I think they took what is already a borderline mediocre chain restaurant in the US and made the portions smaller and the prices higher.	statement	db
Apparently omakase is Japanese and literally means, respectfully leaving another to decide what is best.	statement	db
There are daily specials on rotation so you never know what is available - Hainanese pork chop, curry pork chop chap chye rice, sweet and sour fish, sweet and sour pork, fish and chips, yong tau foo (ampang style).	statement	db
I can't taste what is different in between foie gras, black truffle or crab roe.	statement	db
Because that's the one reason to go - 50% off most things, bringing the price slightly below what is normal for what is served.	statement	db
Unfortunately our table was served by a generally absent waiter who saw it fit to educate us on the different types of coffee (eg what is a latte!)	statement	db
The water path is kept at a constant temperature, normally lower than what is required for cooking.	statement	db
So thank you Sir Nik T. for this wonderful experience and introducing me to what is now my second favorite chicken rice spot in Singapore.	statement	db
The setting is beautiful in what is a pretty ugly and boring Tanglin Mall.	statement	db
I want to commend Indian restaurants that try and push the boundaries for what is usually a typical and predictable kind of experience but to say that some dishes were just awful is a totally new thing for me.	statement	db
It depends on what is available during that season really.	statement	db
And personally, the quality of the buffet spread is actually quite good which makes the price (which is in the $50-60 range depending on what is on the seasonal buffet menu) quite worth it.	statement	db